,Unnamed: 0,0
0,0,"3 Month Contract available| $30-$33 per hour + Super |Full-Time Office Hours based in South Melbourne

Your new company
An excellent opportunity has become available for a Data Analyst / Administrator to join this manufacturing organisation in their South Melbourne office.

Your new role

Daily financial reporting (Excel = VLookups / Pivot Tables)
Organising customer presentations on PowerPoint
General Administration
Data Analysis duties
Tracking back orders within the warehouse
Financial duties (budgets/quotes/price requests/financial reporting)
Entering purchase orders & Invoices for processing
Relevant Ad hoc duties

What you'll need to succeed

Relevant experience in administration and data analyst roles is preferred
Experience using Microsoft Suite (Excel, PowerPoint & Word)
Strong attention to detail
Ability to hit the ground running
Must have professional presentation
Have a ‘can do attitude’
Needs to have 2 x vaccinations (COVID)

What you'll get in return

$30-$33 per hour + Super
Full-Time hours working 8.30am-5pm
Immediate Start
Hybrid role with 2 days working from home and 3 days in the office

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV to samantha.leeson@hays.com.au

If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career

LHS 297508 #2640289"
1,1,"Classification: APS Level 6
Salary: $81,950 - $94,141
Location: Canberra, Melbourne or Sydney
About ACLEI

The Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity (ACLEI) is an independent agency within the Attorney-General’s Portfolio, established to support the Integrity Commissioner in carrying out his or her responsibilities for detecting, investigating and preventing corrupt conduct in Australian Government agencies with law enforcement functions. The Integrity Commissioner has extensive powers, including the ability to hold coercive hearings, and ACLEI investigative staff are able to use a range of law enforcement powers to assist in the Integrity Commissioner’s investigations.

At ACLEI, we seek the very best. Attracting and supporting clever, innovative and committed people is essential to ensure ACLEI is well placed to undertake its critical work. We work in a complex and dynamic setting where exceptional judgement and an ability to achieve results are critical.

ACLEI is currently undergoing a process of organisational transformation to ensure we remain fit for purpose in an increasingly complex operating environment. In support of our transformation strategy, we are looking for outstanding individuals with the ability to lead, manage, cooperate and perform successfully across a wide range of corporate and operational functions.

A key focus of ACLEI’s leadership culture is our understanding of, and commitment to, creating a diverse and inclusive environment to bring out the best in our people. You will find ACLEI to be a supportive and inclusive workplace.

About the role

Reporting to the Senior Data Analyst, the Data Analyst will assist with the production of strategic intelligence insights by ACLEI’s Strategic Intelligence and Data Analysis (SIDA) team. The Data Analyst will also help to design, build and maintain agency data assets that support intelligence and investigations more broadly. The role would suit either an intelligence analyst with an affinity for information technology and data, or a data analyst with experience of, or interest in, intelligence practice.

Working as part of a multi-disciplinary team of strategic intelligence analysts and data analysts, the Data Analyst not only extracts, cleanses, manipulates and analyses corruption-related data, but also recognises the most effective means of presenting that data to a broad and varied client base. The Data Analyst is also responsible for:
Working with data across multiple technologies to unlock insights, and inform management and operational decision making.
Educate and inform ACLEI staff on the appropriate use of data, assisting to increase the overall data literacy and maturity of the agency.
Assist with remediating historical data sources, and with the migration of data to new systems and databases.

A full description of the duties and capabilities required for this position can be found in the Information for Applicants document at the bottom of this page.

Eligibility

Employment with ACLEI is subject to the following conditions:



Citizenship – applicants must be an Australian Citizen.
Security clearance – this is a Designated Security Assessment Position (DSAP). The occupant of this position will be required to undergo and maintain a security clearance to Negative Vetting 1.
Police check – successful applicants are required to undergo a mandatory Australian Federal Police Check.
Probation - a probation period will apply to a new ongoing engagement in the Australian Public Service.

We encourage applications from the Australian community including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people of all ages, people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, and people with disability.

Applications Close

Wednesday, 25 May 2022 at 11:30 pm (AEST).

Contacts

The key duties of this position and capabilities required are listed in the Information for Applicants below. If after viewing this information you have questions, please contact Stuart Murnain on 0459 928 025.

For assistance with the online application system, please email recruitment@aclei.gov.au"
2,2,"Do you have expertise in marketing technology and a passion for seeing how omnichannel campaigns come to life? Would you like to apply your expertise to drive exciting data and technology initiatives in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Do you want to work in a company that lives and breathes diversity and inclusion? Then a career in the Commercial IT team at AstraZeneca might be just what you are looking for.

ABOUT ASTRAZENECA
AstraZeneca is a global, science-led, patient-focused biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialisation of prescription medicines for some of the world’s most serious diseases. But we’re more than one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies. Our ambition is to transform our company and through science, technology and data, we will improve healthcare and positively impact the lives of millions of people.

BUSINESS AREA
The ANZ Commercial IT team helps enable AstraZeneca to perform at its peak by delivering world-class technology and data solutions. Our work unlocks the potential of science. We are helping lead AstraZeneca’s transformation through an exciting variety of projects and opportunities that build our digital and data capabilities to power our business.

Applying our skills for good, we feel a pride like no other as we positively impact patients across the world. We challenge, innovate, and break away from the norm to find ambitious new ways of approaching every new day. AstraZeneca is a place to realise the true impact that data and digital can make. We love contributing to our purpose – to deliver life-changing medicines – and it makes us proud to work here.

What you’ll do
Provide day to day administration and technical support for the rapidly developing ANZ omnichannel environment. You will be responsible for the operational support of digital and data applications, platforms, environments, and other related technology. You will work with your IT colleagues and the Commercial Excellence & Innovation team with a primary focus on delivering on our Omnichannel objectives which will include focus on campaign microjourneys and our single view of the customer.
What you can bring to the role:
Ideas, diverse thinking, and a willingness to share your thoughts
Strong interpersonal skills and a cooperative, supportive, sensitive approach to our stakeholders needs
Some relevant experience in a similar digital marketing support or administrator role
Knowledge and experience of omnichannel and the benefits it brings
Strong troubleshooting and root cause analysis skills
Some experience of cloud-based applications and the ability to collaborate constructively with our Digital & Analytics teams
Some SQL query and data analysis experience in environments such as Redshift or Snowflake
Experience in the scheduling and monitoring of jobs/tasks using tools such as Airflow and Unix
Demonstrated technical experience in supporting omnichannel platforms
The ability to interpret and communicate detailed technical information in a way that others can understand
A desire to keep learning
What we would like you to do when you become our Omnichannel Support Analyst:
Help set-up and test digital campaigns, microjourneys, data sources and integrations
Collaborate and communicate with other internal teams, partners and vendors to resolve setup and support issues
Troubleshoot issues related to data and data sources
Collaborate on new data projects, applications and enhancements for our digital channels
Assist with continual system & process improvements
Technical documentation (yes there is some, but we think it’s very important to do it well)
Some other things that may help you to help us:
Experience of working in a global organisation with a complex/geographical context – AstraZeneca is big
We have a flexible approach that allows us to balance home life with the challenges that come with working in a global organisation
Familiarity with software development lifecycles
Experience with Agile and ITIL methodologies
Some familiarity with Jira/Confluence
Knowledge of specific omnichannel tools such as Tealium and Adobe products.
A logical mind and the ability to complement your team mates to achieve the right outcomes
Why AstraZeneca?
At AstraZeneca we’re dedicated to being a Great Place to Work and we are an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality. At AstraZeneca you are empowered to push the boundaries of science and unleash your entrepreneurial spirit. There’s no better place to make a difference to medicine, patients and society. We have an inclusive culture that champions diversity and collaboration, and we are committed to lifelong learning, growth and development. We’re on an exciting journey to pioneer the future of healthcare.

So, what’s next?
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you
Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available, and we hope it’s yours
If you’re curious to know more then please reach out to Danielle Jones. We welcome your application.

Where can I find out more?
Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn
Visit https://www.astrazeneca.com.au/ and https://www.astrazeneca.com/"
3,3,"Xero is a beautiful, easy-to-use platform that helps small businesses and their accounting and bookkeeping advisors grow and thrive.

At Xero, our purpose is to make life better for people in small business, their advisors, and communities around the world. This purpose sits at the centre of everything we do. We support our people to do the best work of their lives so that they can help small businesses succeed through better tools, information and connections. Because when they succeed they make a difference, and when millions of small businesses are making a difference, the world is a more beautiful place.

About the team:

The Data team is responsible for driving the adoption of data driven decision making across Xero - for both our internal users and our global audience of small business owners, bookkeepers and accountants. We create, manage and deliver a wide range of data services including core reporting, key data dimensions, extensible and scalable analytical data processing and storage facilities, machine learning toolsets, frameworks and API driven prediction services.
We are the center of expertise for data architecture, data modeling, machine learning, ethical data usage and artificial intelligence service design. We lead the effort to raise the data and AI literacy levels across Xero.

About the role:

As a Data Enablement Analyst you’ll play a key role in our transformation program to become a more Data Savvy Xero. This is a unique role using your data analysis background and expertise to help to shape and embed the new ways of working for all Xero's to make more data-driven decisions, and use our new analytical data platforms.

You’ll be working closely with your colleagues in the Evangelism, Governance and Data Strategy team, helping Xero's across the globe access the data required to answer important business questions, and educating them to be self-sufficient users of the available data consumption layers as they evolve and mature.
What you'll be doing:
Create and deliver bespoke data extracts and reports for your fellow colleagues
Use relational database technologies and SQL to source the required data, apply business rules and organise it into the most effective format.
Work with very large datasets and gain exposure to modern cloud based data platforms and tools.
Use our analytics platform to create interactive dashboards to present your data and insights back to the business users.
Champion the adoption of data-informed decision making for all Xeros and help to build the data literacy and data culture.
Work collaboratively with technical and non-technical stakeholders to help evolve the ways of working using Xero’s analytics platform.
Develop relevant, effective onboarding and education materials to support the adoption of data-informed decision making.
Identify opportunities for continuous improvement for systems, processes and content.
What you'll bring with you:
2+ years experience working as a Data Analyst
Experience writing SQL queries and navigating reasonably complex data warehouses / marts
Strong knowledge of data analysis best practices and a drive to help others improve their own practices
Experience unpacking challenges and working to shape ambiguous problems into clearly understood and answerable forms
You have a passion for growing levels of data empowerment through documentation, coaching and communications
By joining Xero you’ll be working in a rapidly growing global company that is making life better for people in small business, their advisors and communities around the world. We believe in inspiring people to do the best work of their lives, if you do too then apply!

Why Xero?

At Xero we support many types of flexible working arrangements that allow you to balance your work, your life and your passions. We offer a great remuneration package including shares plus a range of leave options to suit your well-being. Our work environment encourages continuous improvement and career development and you’ll get to work with the latest technology.

Our collaborative and inclusive culture is one we’re immensely proud of. We know that a diverse workforce is a strength that enables businesses, including ours, to better understand and serve customers, attract top talent and innovate successfully. We are a member of Pride in Diversity, in recognition of our inclusive workplace. So, from the moment you step through our doors, you’ll feel welcome and supported to do the best work of your life."
4,4,"Based in Business and Intelligence Planning at the City West campus
Full-time, continuing position
Commencement Salary: $90,234 per annum (plus 17% superannuation)




About the Role

As an expert in data analytics and with a specialist knowledge of various business intelligence tools, you will analyse and interpret complex data sets to provide innovative solutions that support university-wide performance monitoring, decision-making and compliance reporting activities. You will design, develop, and manage projects to support strategic decision making, and continually review and improve a suite of core performance reports and data analysis tools that are aligned with the University’s strategy.

You will lead the development and implementation of a quality training program for professional and academic staff and be highly skilled in the presentation of multifaceted data sets to a range of audiences.

About UniSA

The University of South Australia is Australia’s University of Enterprise. Our culture of innovation is anchored around global and national links to academic, research and industry partners. Our graduates are the new urban professionals, global citizens at ease with the world and ready to create and respond to change. Our research is inventive and adventurous and we create new knowledge that is central to global economic and social prosperity.

Core Responsibilities


Analyse and interpret qualitative and quantitative data through the application of various business intelligence tools
Provide specialist advice on institutional and market information for strategic planning, institutional benchmarking, and university-wide performance measurement
Evaluate, prioritise, and respond to data requests from key internal and external stakeholders
Utilise a variety of methods and tools to interpret and present complex data and information to audiences at all levels
Develop and maintain effective business partnerships, using a consultancy approach



Essential Skills and Experience


Relevant tertiary qualification and experience in a relevant field, or an equivalent combination of relevant experience and/or education
Expertise in the use of Business Intelligence tools and statistical techniques
Ability to extract, manage and manipulate complex datasets
High level writing and presentation skills, and ability to present information in a clear and concise manner
Well-developed business partnership skills, with experience in negotiating and problem-solving with clients



Benefits


Getting a great job working with the best is just the start. UniSA rewards its staff with a wide variety of benefits such as:
Access to great personal development opportunities
Generous superannuation contributions of 17%
Flexible working conditions
Employee assistance and development programs
A range of salary packaging options, including vehicle leasing, laptops and car parking fees



Culture

As a University of Enterprise, we offer a dynamic and agile workplace culture, one that embraces challenges and thrives on breaking new ground. Our staff are creative and innovative thinkers, communicating with clarity, conviction and enthusiasm. We embrace diversity and inclusion in a vibrant, engaging environment. Our people are authentic, resilient, and influential, and we deliver results.

How to Apply

For a copy of the position description and to apply, please visit Working at UniSA. The online application form will list the specific selection criteria that you need to address.

Please address your cover letter to Jade Windsor, Senior Consultant: Recruitment Central. For further information about the position or the recruitment process, please contact UniSA Recruitment Central on +61 8 8302 1700 or via email at recruitment@unisa.edu.au using job reference number 4029.

Applications close: 11.30pm Wednesday 1 June 2022

Applications welcomed from Australian or NZ citizens, Australian permanent residents and those who have the legal right to work in Australia for the term of appointment.

#LI-DNI"
5,5,"If you’re considering a tree change, Western New South Wales provides one of the best Australia has to offer!

To be considered for interview, candidates must address the Selection Criteria in the Position Description.


Employment Type: Permanent Part Time
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 2
Remuneration: $50.52 - $59.88 ph plus super
Hours per week: 32
Location: Negotiable within Western NSW Local Health District

Data Analyst
Health Intelligence Unit



About the role:
The Data Analyst provides analysis and interpretation of data and advises on its applicability to improving organisational performance and patient outcomes and is responsible for the development of reports, including data collation, quality assurance processes, data submission and related stakeholder education.

This is a targeted position in accordance with GSE Rule 26: Employment of eligible persons. Whereby Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply and, where found suitable, will be given higher priority under affirmative action in order to improve access to employment and career opportunities. In the event there are no suitable Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander applicants, then applications from non-Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander applicants will be considered.

Where you’ll be working:
Health Intelligence Unit- Planning, Performance & Funding Directorate, a part of the Western NSW Local Health District. For more information on living and working in our beautiful region, visit our website Western NSW Health Careers.

The Western NSW Health Intelligence Unit (HIU) is an established shared resource for health partners in the western NSW region, as defined by the Primary Health Network boundaries, and including both the Western and Far West NSW Local Health District regions.

The HIU provides a central hub of expertise to coordinate and provide analysis of data and interpretation of information to inform clinical / operational decision making and support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation in Western NSW.

We are committed to providing our partners with a set of core Services to facilitate the delivery of a truly integrated system of care.
These include:
Analytics and Reporting Products and Services;
Advisory and Planning Services; and
Business Enabling Products and Services.



The key objective of the HIU is to provide analytic, research and evaluation services that will support the capability of healthcare organisations and providers across the region to interpret and use data and information to achieve their organisational outcomes as well as support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation.



About us:
WNSWLHD is the largest employer in the region, with over 7,700 dedicated staff working across 3 major rural referral hospitals, 50 community health centres, numerous corporate and executive offices and 38 inpatient facilities – which include 25 multipurpose services and 4 district health services.
Watch our video to see what it is like working with Western NSW Local Heath District.
Some of the benefits of working with us include:
Genuine support in an inclusive, compassionate and caring team environment.
Interesting and challenging work that will bring your purpose to life, broaden your scope and fast track your career.
Greater autonomy and responsibility to reach your full potential.
Opportunities to make an impact and shape the future of rural health through involvement in projects, innovations and research.
Opportunities for learning and development, including access to a mentoring program and in-house training with our Organisational Development Unit and eLearning system.
Access to Fitness Passport and free and confidential counselling services.


How to apply:
Candidates must read the Position Description and address the Selection Criteria for the role, providing examples where required. You must also upload a copy of your current CV as part of your application. For assistance, see our Guide to Employment with WNSWLHD. For further information on the remuneration and conditions, visit NSW Public Health System Awards.

Candidates should note we are unable to sponsor working visas for this position.

Applications will close 25 May 2022 – 11:59pm.

For role related enquiries, please reach out to Sarah Sloane on 0418 209 257 and sarah.sloane@health.nsw.gov.au

COVID-19 Response
All NSW Health workers are required to have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by 30 September 2021 and two doses by 30 November 2021 or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to provide a record of your COVID-19 vaccination status if successful for this role.

Talent Pool
If we identify a surplus of suitable candidates for this role, you may also be invited to an eligibility list where you could be offered an alternative position per the relevant Award."
6,6,"Aufgaben
The Role
Working for Mercedes-Benz Vans Australia in this full time, permanent position, you will become a brand ambassador and embody our reputation for service excellence and our care in providing flexible, innovative and tailor-made solutions.
This newly created role works within our Network Development & Data Insights team to develop analytics solutions based on business reporting requirements for the Mercedes-Benz Vans business. Ultimately this role will support and collaborate with the business to use data to better understand our customers, leading to the delivery of better customer experiences.

Key responsibilities:

Assist with understanding business stakeholder’s data requirements for reporting and dashboards
Investigate data quality issues, conducting root cause analysis and oversee action plans for remediation
Briefing management on data management initiatives and remediation progress for known data quality issues
Insights generation & analysis from leading data sources
Assist in stakeholder management by providing reports, insights and actionable recommendations
- Data Governance - champion and support an organisational understanding of the role of data

Understand and contribute to the definition of the type of data captured across the business
Enhance the Data Governance and Management artefacts as required
Qualifikationen
What we’re looking for

2-3+ years working with customer data, databases and experience working on projects in a corporate environment
Broad knowledge of databases and database formats. Specific knowledge in SQL required and knowledge of statistical programming languages, such as Phython or R, would be advantageous
Experience in data visualisation tools such as Tableau or Power BI is required
Knowledge of Microsoft Azure would be advantageous
High degree of computer proficiency required, including advanced knowledge in Excel and statistical methods
Experience in data management and data governance principles
Knowledge of information security and privacy laws in the online space
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years’ experience in Computer/Information Science
Professional, confident and consultative approach with strong customer-facing and interpersonal skills
Excellent attention to detail skills with a curious, inquisitive nature and a strong desire to learn and develop

Are you the right person to take on this exciting opportunity? Apply with your cover letter and resume by 27 May 2022.

This is a local, permanent role. You must have a valid working visa for Australia / New Zealand, to be able to apply for this position."
7,7,"Data Analyst (Behavioural Advisor)
NSW Behavioural Insights Unit


Part-time opportunity (3 days per week)


Are you passionate about making a social impact through innovative uses of data? Are you experienced in putting this passion into practice?
Can you work with others in a team to turn analysis of customer needs into ideas for change that can be implemented and evaluated?


Why Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a central agency of NSW Government, comprised of agencies and business units that deliver regulatory and other services to the people of NSW and across the NSW Government. We are committed to championing the interests and perspectives of NSW citizens to deliver better customer service outcomes.
Take a look at the Department of Customer Service website at https://www.linkedin.com/company/nswcustomerservice/about/ to learn more about us: In addition, see why you should work for NSW at http://iworkfor.nsw.gov.au/why-work-for-nsw.
About the Team
The NSW Behavioural Insights Unit uses the latest research about how people really think and act to help NSW Government agencies deliver better services to citizens. Data and evidence are at the core of what we do. To learn more about what we do, visit https://www.nsw.gov.au/behavioural-insights-unit.
About the Role
You will work collaboratively delivering research and data analysis to develop, test and deliver behavioural interventions and inform advice to Government agencies. Your data capability will support our team to achieve its mission. Key challenges for a Data Analyst (Behavioural Advisor) include:
Obtaining and analysing complex qualitative or quantitative data.
Presenting information in attractive and compelling ways.
Conducting and synthesising actionable research so it supports the design and delivery of better services for NSW citizens.


On an average day you might:
Conduct rigorous and timely descriptive and regression analyses on data describing customer behaviours to inform the development of BI interventions and/or evaluate the effectiveness of BIU’s interventions.
Communicate with Behavioural Advisors in our team on how best to approach collecting or analysing data, so that their advice to stakeholders or intervention design generates robust and reputable evidence of impact.
Graphically bring data to life by creating compelling, share-worthy visualizations or write a story about our data, to be shared with decision makers, our partner agencies or the public.
Learn from and collaborate with other Data Analysts and Behavioural Advisors in an environment of curiosity and mutual support.
Help the NSW BIU develop an even more user-centric and user-friendly approach to data and insights.


Capabilities of a Data Analyst (Behavioural Advisor)
The general capabilities and experience we require will reflect your own unique balance of:
An understanding of behavioural science and how it can be applied to help solve policy problems and improve customer outcomes.
Design evaluations software to test the success of interventions and/or understand the behaviour of people.
Conduct data analysis in statistical analysis software to test the success of interventions and/or understand the behaviour of people.
Support questionnaire design, programming and distribution.
Support collection of data and data cleaning.
Support the use of digital solutions with our partners e.g., helping the partner with email campaign software or survey software or dashboards.
Synthesise research to develop advice for non-academic audiences.
Provide general support to the project team on projects, including project management routines, fieldwork (e.g. interviews or focus groups), field visits, research design input, data governance, survey development.


Essential skills
Working knowledge of statistical analysis software such as RStudio, STATA, SPSS or SAS.
Tertiary education included psychometrics, econometrics, or statistics.
Experience in research and statistical data analysis.


Desirable but not essential
Tertiary education or applied experience in a related field such as behavioural economics, psychology, behavioural or decision sciences.


How to Apply
Your application should include a cover letter of no more than 2 pages and an up-to-date resume of no more than 5 pages which clearly details your skills and experience as relevant to this role. Applicants invited for interview will be required to complete additional assessments.


Please note a talent pool may be created for future ongoing and temporary opportunities (active for 18 months).
For enquiries regarding this position, please contact Jeanette Deetlefs on jeanette.deetlefs@customerservice.nsw.gov.au.
Salary grade 7/8, with the base salary for this role starting at $99,431 base plus superannuation.


Based on our current Work, Health and Safety (WHS) requirements, and in line with our Mandatory Vaccination Policy, it is a condition of engagement for a role within Service NSW/Department of Customer Service that staff be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Successful applicants will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. Any relevant medical circumstances impacting on the ability to obtain a COVID-19 vaccination will be considered. These requirements apply to both internal and external preferred candidates and must be completed prior to commencing in the position. If you have a medical contraindication which may prevent you from complying with this requirement, please contact kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au to discuss your circumstances.
Closing Date: Wednesday 25th May 2022 at 9:59am.
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service, and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Visit our Careers site to find out what it means to work for us.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Flexibility
We are committed to diversity, inclusion, and new ways of working.
The Department of Customer Service serves all the people of NSW and we want to reflect that diversity in our people. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQA+ community, veterans, carers, refugees, people in regional NSW and people of all ages. We strive to be an inclusive workplace where all our people can bring their authentic selves to work without judgement.
We understand that there are different ways of getting the job done and offer flexible working arrangements where and when possible.
If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form or contact the recruiter via kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au."
8,8,"20 hours per week with flexibility regarding your assigned days
Silverwater office
Positive team approach
EQUANS ANZ is part of a global, technical services leader, and part of the ENGIE Group. Our local team of qualified technicians and support staff delivers value for customers by balancing cost, risk and performance, while having access to a global network of experts. We design and provide customised solutions for our clients to support them in their energy, industrial and digital transitions.
With nearly 900 highly qualified employees across 20+ locations in Australia and New Zealand, we provide excellent technical know-how in design, installation and maintenance, with a unique combination of skills in Mechanical, Fire Protection, AV and Electrical and Communications Services.
Reporting to the Head of Legal this role will gather, sort, and analyse a range of confidential information to provide to external providers on a specific project. The role will work closely with HR, IT and Legal.
This opportunity will be working 20 hours per week on a Fixed Term 6 month contract.
Role overview
Identify data relevant to the project
Liaise with external advisors to ensure data is presented in most accessible format
Flag any blockers to completion
Identify any missing or corrupted data and work with HR and IT to find or recover that data
You must comply with all Health Safety & Environment compliance requirements, as they apply to your position, other team members and to the Company.
Recommend effective resolution to systemic issues in a timely manner
Key Skills & Experience Required
Experience in a similar role is essential with strong skills in gathering, sorting and presenting data
Strong data entry and accuracy
Advanced Excel including Macros knowlegde
Exceptional presentation and communication skills
If you are interested in working 20 hours per week on a 6 month contact, then please express your interest today for an immediate commencement.
Next Step
If you are interested and meet the selection criteria apply with an up-to-date resume via the application instructions on this website.
Please note that we can only accept applications from those with full working rights in Australia.
EQUANS is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer where all employees have the right to be treated equally in all aspects of their jobs. We promote diversity in the workplace, and we welcome applications from Indigenous Australians and people from all backgrounds and abilities.
We will not be engaging the services of a Recruitment Agency and ask all interested candidates to apply directly via this advertisement.

Job
: Administrative Support / Secretary / General Services
Primary Location
: Oceania-Australia-New South Wales-Silverwater
Organization
: ANZ
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Operational / Administrative role
Job Posting
: May 11, 2022, 2:46:12 AM
Job Type
: Temporary"
9,9,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
As a member of the Advanced Analytics team looking after NOW, you’ll be using cutting edge technologies & techniques to help drive decision making for one of the streaming leaders in the UK. Delivering business critical insight and innovative solutions for new products and initiatives is what we excel at and with your help, we will aim to supercharge the market understanding and strategic perspective of our stakeholders throughout the organization. Working collaboratively across multiple teams, you will be the expert channelling the power of data to help them make better decisions using numbers.
What you’ll do:
Develop relationships with stakeholders to reach a deep understanding of their business
Be the expert in the end-to-end process of testing within the NOW product – including setting up a statistically robust test, useful and clear measurement of the impacts and communication of conclusions to the business
Develop and recommend strategies for optimising the product further, based on previous performance and business priorities
Find opportunities for the use of our data science capabilities across the product, and be proactive in getting plans created to test and prove benefit of these ideas
What you’ll bring:
Proficient in SQL (BigQuery being a plus) as well as data visualisation tools such as Tableau
A technical and analytical mind with a background in statistics and experimentation
Self-starter who’s constantly curious about what numbers are telling us and how they can be actioned to improve the experience of our members
Aptitude for problem solving and multitasking
Integrity: Willingness to speak your mind on difficult issues, whilst at the same time being humble and able to ask for help
Strong interpersonal skills with proven record in fast paced and quick changing environment
Team Overview:
Group Data Hub
Want to unlock the power of data? Our Group Data Hub works with millions of data transformations every day to deliver value, improve customer experience and enable new product launches. From architecture to analytics and engineering to science: it’s how we bring customers more of what they love.
How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.

Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
We bring the best from the global market into Sky – we buy technology, marketing, corporate, operational services and editorial production solutions. We are an international team working with our stakeholders our partners to curate the most effective and efficient customer-led operating model. High ethical standards are embedded in our team, and we engage our supply chains in creating a sustainable future!
The Rewards:
There’s a reason people can’t stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about."
10,10,"Short term - 6 month contract
Based in Moorabbin
Join a supportive, flexible organisation

Why you should join our Awesome Team!

Be more than just a number! We are a close-knit family orientated business with an open and friendly culture. Operating in a collaborative and supportive environment, our people are at the centre of everything we do.

We have a strong emphasis on Work Life Balance, frequent professional development and social events and ongoing mentoring and support from senior management.

The Position

We are seeking a Data Analyst to join us, initially on a 6 month contract working in a fast-paced growing organisation.

We are looking for a candidate who is passionate about their work, self-motivated, detail oriented and has excellent problem-solving abilities. You will have excellent communication and analysis skills, and will be able to convey complex analytical results, both written and verbally, in a clear and easy-to-understand way.

The Data Analyst will develop and maintain interactive reports, dashboards and other data outputs that will lead to improvements in service levels, productivity, performance and customer experience.

Based at our fantastic office in the brand-new Morris Moor complex in Moorabbin , the role will support the improvement and standardisation of working practices, and the identification and delivery of solutions.

Key duties:

Analyse and interpret data to find answers to specific questions
Build queries, assess, organise and transform data into usable formats
Automate and operationalise production of key MI
Develop, and maintain databases and innovative dashboard, enabling performance reporting
Educate Empower staff on the appropriate use of data, assisting to increase overall data literacy
Apply technical and professional expertise to resolve technical issues
Work collaboratively across different functional areas to identify, collect and consolidate existing data and missing data
Assist with remediating historical data sources, and with the migration of data to new systems
Support our continuous improvement agenda of projects and initiatives

Do you have what it takes?

We are looking for someone with a high degree of initiative and drive, that takes ownership of their work and demonstrates a ""can do"" attitude. You must have:


Advanced Microsoft Excel and Data Visualisation skills
Strong analytical skills, with ability to turn data and information into business insights
Proficient in use of a variety of query and analysis tools (e.g. Looker, SQL, PowerBI, Visual Basic, Access)
Proficient use of Microsoft 365 tools
A positive outlook, and ability to work under pressure
Excellent interpersonal skills
Solid business acumen, and a desire to learn and make a difference

Our Story

Changing lives is what we do.

Delivering high quality allied health services is how we do it.

Empower Healthcare was founded in 2016 by two people who were determined to improve the standards of allied health services in residential aged care and knew how to do it. With industry knowledge and an innovative approach, Adam and Matthew set about defining what allied health services can be when quality and person-centred care is placed before all else in healthcare.

The partnership, that merged clinical expertise with business acumen, soon established Empower Healthcare as a leading provider of quality services in residential aged care facilities in Victoria. This success fuelled the expansion of our services within residential aged care, home care and NDIS.

Now offering comprehensive allied health services with more than 180 dedicated and passionate clinicians working in Victoria, Western Australia, New South Wales and Queensland, Empower Healthcare is growing and taking our unique approach with us.

A lot has changed over the years but not our commitment to the highest quality care, delivered by expert clinicians, aimed at improving the independence and quality of life of our clients- helping our clients live their lives the way they want to.

We're supportive, we're innovative and we want your input and expertise.

If you are looking to work with a quality-driven flexible organisation that supports their team and want to progress your career, then this role is perfect for you!

Click apply now to submit your application or call Lilian on 0412 709 161 for more information.

Want to know more about what it's like to work at Empower? Click on the link below:
https://youtu.be/l3By2uq0T1U"
11,11,"Date: 16-May-2022

Location:
Melbourne, VIC, AU Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 28052

What will your typical day look like?
Reporting into our Data & Analytics team, you will be playing a key role in the creation, maintenance and enhancement of Learning insights and analytics. You will work collaboratively with business stakeholders and the broader Leadership & Learning team to deliver actionable insights that enable the Leadership & Learning strategy. Specifically, you will execute and uplift the current learning analytics capability by making recommendations to improve the quality and accuracy of data sources, using automation to make existing reporting processes more efficient and maintain current suite of learning dashboards. You will also use dashboards and visualisations to enhance the quality of current reporting outputs and work alongside our Leadership & Learning teams to understand the reporting expectations of their stakeholders.

About the team
At Deloitte, we believe that people make the workplace. We play a meaningful role in developing talented people that form the very grassroots of our business by crafting learning experiences and formal development opportunities. Constantly seeking to build the “only at Deloitte” employee experience, we help our people reimagine and realise their potential today, tomorrow and beyond.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

You are someone with:
2-5 years’ experience in the field of data analytics
Experience with Tableau and Tableau prep (or other data wrangling tools)
Experience working within a consulting / professional services or corporate environment.
Interest in working within Talent & Learning function
Strong ability to analyse, isolate and interpret business needs and develop appropriate solutions
Strong attention to detail and quality assurance skills
Highly motivated, confident and solutions focused
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage conflicting priorities and able to adapt language and style to work with a number of different stakeholders

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
12,12,"Experienced Data Analysts are required to work on projects designed to implement an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, and storing and archiving transactional data.
As a Data Analyst reading this, you are aware that the role requires someone who can gather information from various sources, interpret patterns and trends in the data, and turn it into information which can offer ways to improve business.
More specifically, our client is seeking applicants who are particularly adept at:
Using Microsoft Excel to store and analyse data, including formulas and data manipulation
Performing qualitative and quantitative analysis as part of the design process
Developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation
Validating data and reports for consistency
Applying judgement and critical thinking skills when needed to problem-solve
Changing direction and scope as new information is discovered and challenges or opportunities present themselves
Working with geographically dispersed teams
Working with technical and non-technical staff at all levels
Developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogues and source-to-target mappings
Using cases and conceptual data models
Complimentary skills include:
Agile methodologies
Microsoft Power BI
Experience using a data warehouse platform and processes
Experience in the government sector
Remote working arrangements may be considered.
The successful candidate will also need to have a proactive and energetic approach to this role.
This is a 12-month contract with 12-monthly options to extend.
Interested? Please apply ASAP. If you have any questions, please contact Keith on 0402 122 483
Job Types: Full-time, Fixed term, Subcontract
Contract length: 12 months
Salary: $100.00 per hour
Benefits:
Work from home
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
13,13,"Elevate yourself as a Data and Business Analyst and build the career that’s right for you.

Are you new to Data and Business Analyst or looking for more from your tech career? Joining our Tech Select Program puts you in the driver’s seat of your career, giving you the chance to experience new areas of technology, while building on your data and business analytics and professional skills.

Data and Business Analytics at Macquarie

There has never been a more exciting time to embark on a career in Data at Macquarie. We’re investing in our people, systems, and tools to help us manage and use data effectively and drive a data-centric culture.

Joining one of our data teams, could see you involved in Macquarie’s data and regulatory reporting strategy, delivering digital transformation and innovation, or helping teams gain valuable insight from data.
You’ll get to partner with stakeholders across the organisation to advance our data journey, while helping to solve/address some of the most complex problems faced by our industry.
Our Data team members work across the full breadth of our business groups, giving you the chance to diversify and drive the data career you want.

How Tech Select works

Tech Select is purpose built for technologists in the early stages of their career. You’ll join a cohort of professionals who are passionate about accelerating the digital enterprise.
You’ll embark on a 12-month development and mentoring program across your choice of technology disciplines. Whatever you’re looking for, Tech Select is customised for you, by you.
You’ll have the choice of the following tech fields to rotate through:
Software Engineering
Cloud and Platform Engineering
Cyber Security
Data and Business Analytics
UX/UI – Experience Design
Customer/Tech Support
At the conclusion of Tech Select, your journey with Macquarie is only just beginning. As a permanent employee, you’ll continue shaping a technology career that’s unique to you.
So, who are you?

You’re a Data or Business Analyst, or looking to become one, in the early stages of your career, ideally with some professional experience and a relevant Technology qualification.
We are an ever-growing global team who is accelerating the digital enterprise and delivering technology solutions that empower people to innovate and invest for a better future. If you want to join us and be part of our journey, while elevating your career, then this is the opportunity for you!
To learn more about Tech Select visit https://www.macquarie.com/au/en/careers/early-technology-careers/tech-select-program.html
About the Corporate Operations Group
The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-964032
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Technology
Recruiter: Jessica Jabbour
Opening Date: 08/4/2022"
14,14,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We are always looking for talented people to join our ever-growing team. If you’re a Data Engineer, Technical Business Analyst, Architect or Analyst looking to grow your career and work with some of the brightest minds in the business, then we’d love to hear from you. When you join us you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives.

To qualify for the role, you must have
Experience within a role in the data & analytics field

Ideally, you’ll also have
Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background viewed favourably but not essential
Drive and desire to learn, and grow your career

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

As this is an Expression of Interest, there can sometimes be a delay in our response. We thank you for your application and hope to be in touch very soon.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
15,15,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We are always looking for talented people to join our ever-growing team. If you’re a Data Engineer, Technical Business Analyst, Architect or Analyst looking to grow your career and work with some of the brightest minds in the business, then we’d love to hear from you. When you join us you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives.

To qualify for the role, you must have
Experience within a role in the data & analytics field

Ideally, you’ll also have
Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background viewed favourably but not essential
Drive and desire to learn, and grow your career

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

As this is an Expression of Interest, there can sometimes be a delay in our response. We thank you for your application and hope to be in touch very soon.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
16,16,"Our dynamic and internationally recognised research company Optimum Patient Care, (OPC) is looking for a highly motivated and dynamic member to join our research analytics team."
17,17,"Immediate Start
Great company values and culture
Able to work remotely
This is an excellent opportunity for a Data Analyst to work at Sanitarium Health & Wellbeing, a highly respected food manufacturing company based locally on the Central Coast. The opportunity offers an immediate start and will give the successful candidate the chance to design Business Intelligence solutions that will allow data driven business outcomes across a wide range of areas in the business.
Sanitarium Health Food Company is Australian owned and a leader in the food industry with much loved brands and category leaders like Weet-Bix, Up&Go and So Good. Sanitarium's mission is focused on improving health and wellbeing in our community and as an organisation it is recognised as one of Australia's most trusted brands.

The Role
You will be part of a small BI team with responsibilities for corporate reporting across a wide area of the business.
The role includes the design, testing and support of reporting and analytics solutions that will allow the business to get insights from its data through KPIs designed to measure progress and performance of each part of the business. This will involve interactions with business and operational stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data, removing pain points and maximise the value of data.
The successful candidate will have strong understanding of data mapping and data integration concepts as well as great knowledge of PowerBI and other reporting tools. Good knowledge of SQL is required to enable analysis of data in our datalake and other data sources.
The right candidate will be able to analyse large datasets, detect patterns and identify the most appropriate way to measure performance and progress.
The successful candidate must be a self-starter, who can pick things up quickly, and who can work unsupervised dealing with business stakeholders. The role requires an excellent eye for detail, and a diligent attitude to understand and resolve issues relating to complex business logic.

To be successful in this role you must have:
Excellent analytical skills - ability to validate business rules from large volumes of data
Great SQL experience used to model large datasets efficiently
Excellent reporting design (PowerBI & Excel)
Good stakeholders communication skills - ability to proactively identify, communicate and document process improvement opportunities driven by data analytics
Desirable
SAP ECC knowledge (MM, SD, FICO, PP)

We are an organisation driven by our mission and values. If you share our passion for what we do, our products and can respect our Christian based principles then this is a great opportunity for you.



Type: Permanent
Category: I.T.
Reference ID: SA0SANKB000126
Date Posted: 04/05/2022"
18,18,"A new and exciting opportunity to join the National Supply Chain department of ALDI Stores, based in Minchinbury, NSW. This is a permanent full-time opportunity.


As a Supply Chain Analyst, you will be responsible for maintaining project timelines, while ensuring all objectives and communication requirements are being delivered to the National Supply Chain teams, and wider business. The successful candidate with be comfortable in a fast-paced FMCG environment, while possessing technical reporting and analytical abilities to improve Supply Chain project performance and strategy and support operational activities.


What's in it for you?
Market leading remuneration - $124,900 - $142,500 including super
5 weeks annual leave
Hybrid working model - Up to 10 days a month working from home
Make an impact on the ALDI supply chain and see your work in action


Selection criteria:
3 years’ experience in Data Analytics, ideally with in a Supply Chain environment
Advanced analytical skills, including capturing, processing, and organising data to uncover actionable insights
Demonstrated ability to maintain project timeframes, objectives, and communications
Proven experience in creating and managing data spreadsheets, documentation, slide decks and reports for projects
Automation experience is highly valued
Good communication skills and ability to present analytical findings


Your responsibilities:
Plan, execute and prioritise across multiple Supply Chain projects and deadlines
Track, forecast and report on project progress
Identify opportunities for improvement within Supply Chain projects, providing actionable insights for operational and strategic decisions
Collate the necessary data and information required for project business cases and global reporting requirement
Verify data and information and analyse it to suit the direction of a project
Visualise data by creating and maintaining meaningful project reports and dashboards
Consolidate multiple data sources and analysing patterns, trends, anomalies, and root causes
#LI-Hybrid
#LI_Hybrid"
19,19,"Data Analyst – 1800RESPECT
Telstra Health is proud to work collaboratively with the Australian Government and specialist partners in preparation for the delivery of 1800RESPECT from 1 July 2022, as the national front door for people experiencing, or at risk of experiencing, domestic, family and sexual violence (DFSV) and workplace sexual harassment (WSH).
Vision: to achieve a significant reduction across the Australian community in the prevalence and impacts of domestic, family and sexual violence, including workplace sexual harassment - by improving first response processes, national sector integration, service reach and responsiveness to diverse groups; by strengthening community engagement; and by continuous enhancement of staff skills and technology.
Mission: to deliver a free, 24 hours per day, 7 days per week national service that provides information, counselling support and referrals to people experiencing, or at risk of, domestic, family and sexual violence, including workplace sexual harassment.
Purpose: to provide an accessible, high quality, clinically-informed and evidence-based service that meets the diverse needs and complex considerations of individuals seeking support.

About the role
The Data Analyst will support the Referral Pathways Coordinator in the development and maintenance of a service directory that remains representative of the diverse needs of individuals seeking support, so that they can access a high quality and safe service.

How you can help us achieve a sustained reduction across the Australian community in the prevalence and impacts of Domestic, Family & Sexual Violence (DFSV) through:
The Data Analyst conducts focussed research and analysis on the 1800RESPECT service directory, highlighting any gaps in service provision that would impact the delivery of support for people accessing the service, and maintains the directory as an up to date and representative resource for the service.
You will achieve this by:
Conducting desktop research into service providers to validate service details in order to develop and maintain a provider directory, that supports appropriate referrals based on the service user geography and immediate need
Working with internal and external stakeholders to develop safe, high quality and seamless referral pathways from the service to a range of other service providers nationally. These pathways will need to consider the most appropriate pathways for a range of different service users based on their needs, where they live, and what services are available locally or nationally.
Working with the team to review data and feedback from service users to determine the effectiveness of the referral pathways, preparing appropriate reporting to leadership and the service delivery stream to highlight gaps and opportunities
Ensuring service details are kept up to date in Salesforce
Work closely with the Cultural Engagement Coordinator to ensure that the needs of hard to reach groups are reflected in the referral pathways
The role will be expected to regularly collaborate with internal multidisciplinary teams.
Conducting analysis and providing reporting on the ways in which the service directory is being used in delivery of the service
Performing data analysis and delivering reports for internal and external meetings and governance forums
Ensure that all data assets, processes and systems have adequate documentation in place to ensure no single points of failure
About you
Experienced in research, reporting and analysis
Proficiency in office suite
Knowledge of Salesforce is desirable
Comfortable utilising multiple applications
Excellent customer service and relationship management skill
Knowledge of community services and types of service providers is highly regarded

What you’ll get from us:
Training and professional development
25% discount on Telstra services including home broadband and post-paid mobiles
Free 24/7 professional and confidential support for you and your family
Employee rewards program that includes discounts on shopping, gym memberships, movie tickets, health insurance and more
A supportive and inclusive working environment where you can bring your whole self to work
Flexible work including the ability to work from home with all equipment provided
Multiple leave options including paid parental, family and domestic violence leave, cultural, volunteer, study and pandemic leave, as well as the option to purchase additional leave.

We encourage people from all backgrounds, and across Australia to apply for roles in the delivery of this service.
To ensure the safety and well-being of our people and customers, this role will require the successful candidate to be vaccinated against Covid-19. However, please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.
We are a Circle Back Initiative Employer. We commit to respond to every applicant, and you will hear back from us soon."
20,20,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.

As an Observability Ops Data Analyst, you’ll be working across multiple OTT domains with teams in Europe and North America. Building and combining knowledge against vast amounts of technology and tracking the performance, health and stability of our platform tied directly into the delivery of the best possible experience for our customers.

What you'll do:
Ensure all events/alerts/indicators are prioritised, detailed analysis is completed within the team to address or localise the behaviour and additionally support active investigations
Breakdown traditional alerting based eyes-on-glass way of working, allowing us to a deliver a modern world beating AI Ops function
Ensuring across the entire team we can provide detailed analysis & diagnostics for investigations, speeding up the resolution time, and reducing the overall impact to our customers / or platform
Drive continuous improvements to the function, continually provide guidance and mentoring across the operational teams
Responsible for local investigation comms / weekly & monthly reporting, ensuring additionally senior management are continually informed of priority investigations

What you'll bring:
Strong influencing and relationship management skills, with an excellent track record of quality; delegation/mentoring/coaching for appropriate outcomes
Excellent ability to manage multiple high priority efforts/ competing priorities and flexibility to adjust to changing requirements, schedules, and priorities
Outstanding interpersonal skills
Significant experience of working in a highly technical operational environment, with the ability to drive investigations with technical and non-technical teams
Organisational awareness-knowledge of managing both internal stakeholders and counterparts in interfacing organisations. Ability to think of approach beyond establishing traditional support arrangement boundaries for internal service management

Department overview:

We’re the Product Hub. We’re the team behind your favourite Sky products, and the platforms that power them. We make every moment magical, everywhere. Our team is made up of self-motivated, big thinkers who have a knack for solving problems and find new ways to captivate millions of customers by putting them at the heart of everything we do. From Sky Glass, Sky Q, Peacock and NOW to news and sports apps, we make entertainment even better and we can’t wait to get started on what’s next.

Team overview:
Global OTT Technology
Our team develops and supports market-leading video streaming services, underpinned by state-of-the-art engineering principles. We do this at huge scale: for over 50 million customers globally, spanning NBCUniversal Peacock in the US and Sky, NOW and SkyShowtime across Europe. No matter the device, the time or the place, we make sure that our diverse audiences can easily find and enjoy whatever they want to watch, choosing from the world’s best entertainment, news and sport.

The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences

Where you'll work:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
21,21,"An exciting opportunity has become available for an experienced Program Evaluation Analyst (PEA) to join the WIL (Work Integrated Learning) Transformation Project at Swinburne. In this role, you will design, develop and deliver data analysis and evaluation support, centered on work integrated learning (WIL), career development learning, and employability. You will also be responsible for developing and delivering evaluation measures, data analysis and reporting as part of the WIL Transformation Project.

You will play a key role in reporting on the achievement of institutional and business area KPIs, as well as the development, integration, analysis and reporting of evaluation measures of project engagement and impact.

Drawing on their expertise in project and initiative evaluation design and statistical analysis, the incumbent will develop and interrogate data sets, conduct analyses and provide complex advice and reporting. The role demands an innovative approach with evolving analytical techniques. It also requires outstanding communication and interpersonal capabilities, to work with a wide range of data and reporting stakeholders.

Reporting to the Senior Project Manager, WIL, this role sits within the Employability Unit within the Education, Experience and Employability Portfolio. You will also be part of the WIL Transformation project team, also including a Learning & Teaching Consultant, Senior Business Analyst, and Careers Consultant.

Swinburne’s WIL Transformation strategic project comprises nine work packages, in particular, as the PEA you will take a leadership role in development and integration of evaluation and success and contribute expertise to the achievement of deliverables within the other work packages.

About Swinburne University of Technology
Swinburne is a young university with a long history. As a dual-sector university of technology, born of a technical college, we are proud of Swinburne’s technology DNA, and of our national and global standing. Our contribution to Technology, Entrepreneurship, Innovation and the STEM disciplines, and our track record of meaningful industry and community engagement, are natural manifestations of the legacy initiated by the vision of our founders George and Ethel Swinburne in 1902. We offer postgraduate, undergraduate, vocational education and online education to provide students with a variety of work-relevant pathways.


About you
To be suitable for the role you will have:

A degree in a field such as education, psychology, social sciences or economics with an emphasis on data analysis for research and/or business intelligence, with subsequent relevant experience; or extensive experience and specialist expertise.


Demonstrated ability to refine, develop and use educational program, project and initiative evaluation approaches and measures, including of program impact


Advanced applied univariate and multivariate statistical data analysis skills, and sound qualitative data analysis skills


Proven ability to retrieve, cleanse, combine, manipulate and analyse data from different sources to answer evaluative questions


Advanced use of statistical software and business intelligence tools (such as SPSS, SAS, Stata, R, Tableau, Power BI) and Microsoft Excel for data analysis

A full list of selection criteria is available within the position description.


Benefits
To find out more about the extensive range of benefits offered to Swinburne employees please visit Careers at Swinburne and refer to ‘Benefits’ section.

How to apply and further information
To view the position description or to start an application please click on apply or ‘begin’ and submit a resume, cover letter and a response to the Key Selection Criteria, as listed in the position description.

For further information about this position, contact Jaci Blumhagen - Senior Project Manager, WIL - jblumhagen@swin.edu.au

If you are experiencing technical difficulties with your application, please contact the Recruitment team on staffrecruitment@swin.edu.au

Diversity and Inclusion
Equity and diversity are integral to achieving our 2025 vision of bringing people and technology together to build a better world. Swinburne is a large and culturally diverse organisation and we are proud of our commitment to equity and inclusion through key initiatives such as:


Reconciliation Action Plan


Charter of Cultural Diversity


Science in Australia Gender Equity (SAGE) Action Plan

Swinburne LGBTIQA+ Pride, Gender Equality, Accessibility and Intergenerational inclusion strategies

For further information on all our initiatives visit our equity and diversity website. We welcome and encourage applicants from diverse backgrounds to apply.

Assistance and Support
We are committed to making the recruitment process fair and equitable for all our candidates. If you have specific accessibility or support requirements please contact Maree Norden, Diversity & Inclusion Manager at inclusion@swin.edu.au. For support or queries related to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander employment, please contact Timothy Werner at DeadlyCareers@swin.edu.au

Swinburne offers flexible working options, leave and parenting/carer policies to support work life balance.

Orders from Victoria’s Minister for Health require all Swinburne workers to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless they are an Excepted Person as defined by the Pandemic COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Specified Workers) 2021 Order (No. 1). All applicants must therefore be able to comply with this requirement.



Applications close at 5pm, Friday 3rd June 2022.

(Agency enquiries will not be accepted for this position)

#LI-SW"
22,22,"Job no: 924963
Work type: Full-time
Location: Geelong

Business Analyst Data Consultant
Full time, fixed term role until 30 September 2023
Geelong office location, with flexibility to work from home in line with TAC’s flexible working guidelines
Salary $122,296 plus superannuation
Our Story
The TAC is a Victorian Government-owned organisation whose role is to promote road safety, support those who have been injured on our roads and help them get their lives back on track.
To hear more about our story, follow this link:
https://www.tac.vic.gov.au/about-the-tac/our-organisation/what-we-do
About the Role
The successful incumbent will be responsible for performing business analysis, data analysis and relationship management using the available data to improve business efficiency, productivity and performance.
About the Team
This role will be a part of our Business Analysis team within the Scheme Insights branch. The team has a fantastic culture who promote an inclusive, supportive and collaborative team environment, and you will be challenged to achieve personal and business goals.
A Day in the Life
Develop and make recommendations for business solutions to improve business efficiency, productivity, performance and KPI’s.
Maintain strong working relationships with several key stakeholders
Conduct research, risk analysis and contingency plans
Develop, present and influence business solutions based on data
Support your assigned division to work through the proposed solutions
Document detailed and clear business requirements, ensuring translation for business users whilst maintaining specific detail for developers
Manage the assigned division’s request priorities in line with TAC organisational priorities and competing demand
What you’ll need to succeed
Strong communication skills and demonstrated experience in building relationships with internal and external stakeholders
Experience in a Business Analyst role with a focus on data, reporting and performance.
Experience and strong background in business analysis techniques and tools
Ability to translate complex technical documents and critical thinking
Demonstrated experience with corporate reporting software and tools and their associated visualisation in a data warehouse environment (relevant examples include: Power BI, SAS, Excel, SAS VA, SQL, Qlik Sense, Tableau, Data Vault 2.0)
Why join the TAC?
We foster an engaged and inclusive culture; our 2021 survey results show 95% of our employees feel proud to work for the TAC. Our people enjoy a range of rewarding benefits, including:
Competitive remuneration, annual bonus and salary packaging options
Genuine work-life balance with attractive leave options and work flexibility
A comprehensive wellbeing calendar of events and initiatives
Extensive professional development opportunities
Read more here: http://www.tac.vic.gov.au/about-the-tac/careers/our-employment-benefits
Together, our differences make us stronger
At the TAC, we believe that a diverse workforce operating within an inclusive culture is critical to achieving our purpose. We promote a workplace that actively seeks to include, respect and value the unique contributions of all people, because we believe that together, our differences make us stronger.
We are committed to inclusion, diversity and accessibility in our employment practices, and encourage Aboriginal and Torres Strait Island people, people with disability, women and gender diverse people, culturally diverse and LGBTIQ+ people to apply for our roles. If we can assist you with any reasonable adjustments in order to submit your application for this role, please contact the TAC People & Culture Team on (03) 5225 7500 or via email at People_Culture@tac.vic.gov.au and a member of the team will be in touch.
The Transport Accident Commission is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of employees. This includes complying with the Chief Health Officer’s directions, including the TAC’s requirements to collect, record and hold vaccination information about its employees. Successful applicants will be required to provide evidence of their COVID-19 vaccination status or medical exemption prior to commencing employment.
We’d love to hear from you
If this opportunity excites you, click APPLY to submit your Cover Letter and Resume today. Successful applicants will be contacted and progress to an assessment. All applicants will be advised of the outcome of their application.
For further information, please refer to the attached Position Description or contact People & Culture at people_culture@tac.vic.gov.au for a confidential discussion. Applications for this role will be accepted up until 11:55pm on Sunday 29 May 2022.
If this role isn’t quite right for you but you know of someone who would be interested, please feel free to share the ad with them.
Business Analyst - Data Consultant PD.pdf
Advertised: 16 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 29 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
23,23,"About the Job:
Job description:
What makes Cognizant a unique place to work? The combination of rapid growth and an international and innovative environment! This is creating many opportunities for people like YOU — people with an entrepreneurial spirit who want to make a difference in this world.
At Cognizant, together with your colleagues from all around the world, you will collaborate on creating solutions for the world's leading companies and help them become more flexible, more innovative, and successful. Moreover, this is your chance to be part of the success story.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Develop Stream sets code extract the data from source production Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server databases and ingestion data to Snowflake data base.
Migration of the oracle golden gate code from Analytical Cluster to snowflake
Create the production data pipeline and ingestion data and verify the data flow.
Design, develop, optimize, and maintain data architecture and pipelines that adhere to ETL principles and business goals
Make data available for consumption (through APIs, Event based publish / subscribe, Data Mart provisioning).
Create and manage database objects, such as Tables, Views and stored procedures as per the business users reports requirement.
Created scripts to create new tables, views, queries for new enhancement in the application ·
Setting up GOLDEN GATE for replication and migration, hands-on experience in golden gate error handling and Coordinated with the downstream teams to provide the necessary stored procedures and the necessary insight into the data.
Troubleshoot the Golden gate issues, extract, pump, replicate and manger issues.
Configuration of Stream sets pipelines from heterogeneous environments and create the jobs and run in the scheduled time.
Create the database objects in the snowflake and provide the required permission to the users based on the business owner confirmation.
Responsible for end-to-end project delivery such as development, SIT support, UAT support etc.
Monitoring of the Stream Sets Pipeline jobs to make sure the data is processing to critical production systems.
Troubleshoot the issue on priority to fix the critical applications unavailability issues. ·
Migrate the OGG old versions to newer versions and develop the new OGG pipelines for Oracle and SQL server Systems.
Skill and Experience Requirements :
8 years of experience in data warehousing and multiple database technologies such as Oracle Database, EXADATA, MS –SQL Server, Stream Sets, Snowflake, Oracle Golden gate
5+ years of experience in Oracle Golden Gate (ETL) to integrate with multiple source systems, transform the data and load into multiple target systems such as Oracle, SQL server, flat files, Avro, JSON etc. · Having strong experience in writing SQL queries in various databases.
1+ years of experience in Snowflake and stream sets to create semantic layer design and create reports based on business requirements.
Good hands-on experience on Stream Sets pipeline creation and scheduling the jobs and troubleshooting the critical production pipeline issues.
Salary Range: >$100,000
Next Steps:
If you feel this opportunity suits you, or Cognizant is the type of organization you would like to join, we want to have a conversation with you! Please apply directly with us.
For a complete list of open opportunities with Cognizant, visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers
Cognizant is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a background check.
About Cognizant:
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.
#LI-CTSAPAC
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Job Posting : May 11 2022
About Cognizant
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant."
24,24,"The Department of Environment and Science (DES) recognises the enormous value a clean environment, innovative society and economy, and vibrant culture makes to Queenslanders' lives. As a diverse organisation, the department brings together environment, heritage protection, national parks, science, and youth affairs functions to help achieve government objectives for a better Queensland. The DES Delivery Office was established in 2019 and exists to provide a portfolio view of the department's key initiatives and to work with program managers to resolve conflicting priorities, dependencies, risks and issues and to provide regular progress reports to the Executive and Minister. The DDO is on a drive to enhance the user experience of its reporting tool and to improve the quality and impact of reports to ensure maximum impact and value for decision-makers.
The Senior Data and Reporting Analyst is a technical position that requires a demonstrated high-level experience in building, maintaining, and improving the DDO business intelligence products on the Microsoft Office 365 platform (including Sharepoint, PowerApps, Power Automate and PowerBI) to help improve business performance. This includes the ability to build and maintain reports and data visualisations that create visual impact and support data analysis on project and organisation-related matters (e.g., project status, delivery performance, conflicting priorities, dependencies, risks, and issues). The role also includes the provision of specialist advice to the team Director and other areas of the department.
Working in the DDO provides a great opportunity to use your creativity and expertise to produce innovative, impactful visual solutions for our customers. You will gain exposure to the diverse agency work program and build relationships with people across the department. You can share your skills and be recognised as one of the agency experts in your data collection and visualisation solutions. The team is primarily Brisbane-based, but the role also offers flexibility in work location including up to 50 per cent work from home option.
The ideal candidate will: - respond positively to problem solving challenges that may involve some ambiguity, or evolving priorities and deadlines; - be creative but also have a good attention to detail, respected by peers and superiors and have a reputation for getting things done;- be excellent communicators, collaborative in nature and open to sharing their skills;- be willing to share skills and learnings, open to agile structures including 'leaning in' to help the team.Applications to remain current for 12 months.Job Ad Reference: QLD/418579/22Closing Date: Thursday, 19 May 2022This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License."
25,25,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time / Fixed Term 30 June 2024
Organisation: Sustainability Victoria
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Analyst
Reference: VG/4534365
We are at the forefront of transitioning Victoria to a circular, climate-resilient economy. Our vision is simple – drive down emissions and reduce our waste. We employ the brightest minds, create the boldest plans and stay true to our vision. Our relationships with the industry, government, private and community sectors are what primes Victoria to deliver economic growth and sector resilience. Collectively our work, when combined, drives down emissions towards zero net levels and reduces waste – because everyone deserves a cleaner environment now, and for decades to come. We are listed in the AFR Boss Best Places to Work for 2022 in the Government, Education & Not-For-Profit sector. We are an agency of the Victorian Government. Join us.
About the role
Do you love visualising and interpreting complex data for influential decision makers?
Do you want to unveil where Victoria's recycling is going – and how we can do better?
Are you able to work with high and lower-quality data as we embark on this journey?
If you want to solve some of Victoria's trickiest problems, have a genuine impact on decisions, and work flexibly with a creative and diverse team - come join the (Recycling) Data Insights & Intelligence Branch as our new Data Analyst – Visualisation.
About you
As our main in-house Data Analyst Visualisation, you will analyse data from many sources through platforms such as Power BI to identify new insights for managing Victoria's waste, recycling, and ‘circular' economy. You will use these data and insights to deliver compelling visualisations, presentations, and other information products for Victorian Government executives, industry, communities, and Ministers.
About us
Sustainability Victoria (SV) is a trusted delivery agency of the Victorian Government and a market enabler. We are passionate about creating a future where waste is designed out of the system and products and materials stay in our economy for as long as possible.
What next?
Applications including a resume and statement addressing the Key Selection Criteria are to be submitted online. All documents are to be attached as a Microsoft Office Word document. Applications not addressing the Key Selection Criteria may not be considered."
26,26,"Line of Service
Assurance
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
Risk
Management Level
Senior Associate
Job Description & Summary
With PwC, you’ll ignite a meaningful career while being supported by a flexible working culture, innovative learning and development opportunities and progressive policies and benefits, such as 18 weeks paid parental leave for mums, dads and foster carers (no minimum service!)
What will you create?

You’ll help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting our start-up industry, together we build trust in society and solve important problems.
Trust and Risk bring this to life by helping clients to protect and strengthen every aspect of their business; from people to performance, systems to strategy and business plans to business resilience.
As a Senior Associate in our Data Assurance team your impact will be seen by:
Building risk and compliance data analytics outputs using tools such as Alteryx, ACL, R, Python, Qlik Sense, Power BI, SQL Server.
Applying risk and compliance analytics to drive decision making for our clients, helping them to better manage risks, optimise processes and build trust with their stakeholders.
Working across multiple client projects, with a broad range of tasks across the data analytics life cycle including ETL, data wrangling and cleansing, reporting and dashboarding.
Lead and mentor junior staff in delivering risk and compliance data analytics engagements targeted on risk and compliance analytics.
Exceptional communication between junior staff and senior management, providing that conduit across the team.
Compelling data driven storytelling to communicate and help clients minimise risk and improve their processes and control framework..

About you

You have a background in data analytics and are skilled in data visualisation, data cleansing and manipulation and hold an understanding of business and risk application. Previous experience in internal audit analytics will be highly regarded.
Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Trust and Risk team transform how risk is perceived and capitalised on.
You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.
Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Belinda Riordan is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experiences high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all.
We welcome the opportunity to speak to candidates about our value proposition and recognition and reward approach. The minimum full time salary for this role is $85,000 including 10% Superannuation, however will be determined based on the skills and experience that the candidate brings. #LI-PWCLMT
PwC is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as well as visitors to our offices and events.

PwC has introduced a COVID-19 Vaccination policy that requires all staff, contractors, clients and visitors to be fully vaccinated before they can access our offices, attend client sites, undertake work-related travel, or attend work-related events, subject to limited exemptions. For more information: https://www.pwc.com.au/about-us/notices/coronavirus.html
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
Yes
Government Clearance Required?
No
Job Posting End Date
May 20, 2022"
27,27,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

We are growing our Data & Analytics team in FSO and now is an exciting time to join us on this journey. We are looking for both Business Analysts and Data Analysts, who have financial services experience and are passionate about technology & data, to join our diverse team. Whether you are a Consultant at the start of your career through to Manager looking for your next role across the whole breadth and depth of Data & Analytics, we would love to talk to you.

Your key responsibilities

Perform business and technical analysis of the current systems
Gather and document business and technical requirements for new solution
Facilitate workshops with multiple stakeholders
Work with the Technical Architects and Solution Architects ensuring that the design discipline and standards are met according to the agreed methodology
Conduct stakeholder interviews
Translate functional and non-functional requirements into accurate user stories and process flows
Perform data profiling and data analysis
Ensure that requirements are traceable from requirements to solution design
Work with members of the project team to ensure full coverage of Test Cases of all requirements
Present data in graphs, charts, tables, etc. and designing and developing relational databases for collecting data
Prepare concise data reports and data visualizations for stakeholders that will help in decision making processes

Skills and attributes for success

Experience in data and analytics
Solid experience in query and ability to interrogate data e.g. using SQL
Experience working in a multi-disciplinary team; and closely with Technical Architects and Solution Architects to ensure design disciplines and standards are met
Demonstrated experience in documenting requirements
Working knowledge of machine learning and artificial intelligence
Data visualisation experience - Tableau, Spotfire, QlikView etc.

What we offer
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 1).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary for Consultant is $90,000 including 10.0% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
28,28,"Junior Data Analyst
If you are about to graduate or are a recent Business (with accounting systems exposure) or IT graduate (information systems graduate) and would give everything to join a young dynamic team of professionals, then this is your opportunity! You will be mentored and challenged to develop to your full potential. Please send your CV to: careers@ironbark.com.au"
29,29,"ABOUT US
Proudly Australian, Sonic HealthPlus is now the largest provider of corporate medicine in the country. With a national network of wholly owned metropolitan and remote clinics, we deliver Occupational Health, General Practice and integrated medical, paramedical and wellness services to both large and small corporate and community groups.

ABOUT THE ROLE
Due to expansion, a new opportunity exists for a Project Data Analyst to join the Business Systems and Project Delivery business team – immediate start. This is a permanent full-time position, working 38 hours per week with some flexibility in hours required.
We have a specific need to support several high value clients with developing and maintaining operational and KPI reporting. This position will work with key internal stakeholders to ensure our operation teams are able to identify compliance with contractual timeframes and identify opportunities for process improvement.
This is a great career move for a dynamic individual who has attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills and a passion for continuous improvement. Located in the city (QV1), there is also the opportunity to work from home.

RESPONSIBILITIES
This position contributes to the organisation by:
Coordinating and developing reports and briefings
Collating and cleansing health service delivery data from various internal sources
Manipulating data using Excel – pivot tables, VLookups, IF Functions, Macros


CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS
High level of computer literacy and knowledge of software applications, databases and systems
Tertiary qualifications in Information Systems, Health, Commerce or a related discipline is highly desirable
Two years’ experience in a similar role that includes manipulation of data to present accurate reports
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in written form is a necessity
Ability to work under pressure in fast paced environment
National Police Clearance obtained within the last three months


WHY JOIN US?
Flexible working options including working from home
Ongoing training and development
Stable, reputable national healthcare provider (part of the global Sonic Healthcare)
Paid parental leave
Employee Rewards Program – including significant retail discounts and offers
Numerous discounts including travel, gym membership and health insurance options
Novated Leasing
Discounted fees for various medical services e.g. pathology, radiology and travel health
Employee Assistance Program
Focus on corporate social responsibility e.g. fundraising, supporting community events
Subject to eligibility
MORE INFORMATION
At Sonic HealthPlus we offer a positive workplace culture, close team networks and a supportive work environment. We encourage our employees to have an enjoyable and rewarding career with an Equal Opportunity Employer that values and encourages social and cultural diversity. We strongly encourage Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people to apply.
HOW TO APPLY
As part of our pre-employment process, preferred candidates must provide a National Police Clearance conducted within the last 3 months and evidence of COVID-19 Vaccination status.
Short listing for this position will commence immediately. You are encouraged to apply promptly as applications will close when suitable applicants are obtained.

PRIMARY LOCATION: AU-WA-Perth
JOB POSTING: 11-May-2022"
30,30,"ABOUT US
Proudly Australian, Sonic HealthPlus is now the largest provider of corporate medicine in the country. With a national network of wholly owned metropolitan and remote clinics, we deliver Occupational Health, General Practice and integrated medical, paramedical and wellness services to both large and small corporate and community groups.

ABOUT THE ROLE
Due to expansion, a new opportunity exists for a Project Data Analyst to join the Business Systems and Project Delivery business team – immediate start. This is a permanent full-time position, working 38 hours per week with some flexibility in hours required.
We have a specific need to support several high value clients with developing and maintaining operational and KPI reporting. This position will work with key internal stakeholders to ensure our operation teams are able to identify compliance with contractual timeframes and identify opportunities for process improvement.
This is a great career move for a dynamic individual who has attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills and a passion for continuous improvement. Located in the city (QV1), there is also the opportunity to work from home.

RESPONSIBILITIES
This position contributes to the organisation by:
Coordinating and developing reports and briefings
Collating and cleansing health service delivery data from various internal sources
Manipulating data using Excel – pivot tables, VLookups, IF Functions, Macros


CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS
High level of computer literacy and knowledge of software applications, databases and systems
Tertiary qualifications in Information Systems, Health, Commerce or a related discipline is highly desirable
Two years’ experience in a similar role that includes manipulation of data to present accurate reports
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in written form is a necessity
Ability to work under pressure in fast paced environment
National Police Clearance obtained within the last three months


WHY JOIN US?
Flexible working options including working from home
Ongoing training and development
Stable, reputable national healthcare provider (part of the global Sonic Healthcare)
Paid parental leave
Employee Rewards Program – including significant retail discounts and offers
Numerous discounts including travel, gym membership and health insurance options
Novated Leasing
Discounted fees for various medical services e.g. pathology, radiology and travel health
Employee Assistance Program
Focus on corporate social responsibility e.g. fundraising, supporting community events
Subject to eligibility
MORE INFORMATION
At Sonic HealthPlus we offer a positive workplace culture, close team networks and a supportive work environment. We encourage our employees to have an enjoyable and rewarding career with an Equal Opportunity Employer that values and encourages social and cultural diversity. We strongly encourage Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people to apply.
HOW TO APPLY
As part of our pre-employment process, preferred candidates must provide a National Police Clearance conducted within the last 3 months and evidence of COVID-19 Vaccination status.
Short listing for this position will commence immediately. You are encouraged to apply promptly as applications will close when suitable applicants are obtained.

PRIMARY LOCATION: AU-WA-Perth
JOB POSTING: 11-May-2022"
31,31,"*Experienced professional with 3+ Years Experience.
*Using automated tools to extract data from primary and secondary sources.
*Filter Data by reviewing reports and performance indicators to identify and correct code problems.
*Using statistical tools to identify, analyze, and interpret patterns and trends in complex data sets that could be help.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $89,203.00 – $111,316.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney City NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
Information & Communication Technology Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)
Speak with the employer
+91 6381272597"
32,32,"Job description
About the job:
What makes Cognizant a unique place to work? The combination of rapid growth and an international and innovative environment! This is creating many opportunities for people like YOU — people with an entrepreneurial spirit who want to make a difference in this world. At Cognizant, together with your colleagues from all around the world, you will collaborate on creating solutions for the world's leading companies and help them become more flexible, more innovative, and successful. Moreover, this is your chance to be part of the success story.
Experience:
7+ years of experience implementing various agile methodologies, consulting exposure.
2+ yrs. experience in big data or or ETL or Open source Digital technologies.
Formulate hypothesis & concepts focusing on the customers needs along with assumptions for planned change.
Create business process flow diagrams depicting understanding of existing functional behaviour of system.
Split/slice requirements and map them in terms of release, program epic or features by working with PM
End-to-end requirements management, stakeholder management, process modelling · In-depth working knowledge of both Waterfall & Agile methodologies.
Strong MS Excel, Visio, JIRA & Confluence skills · Research on industry trends, competitor features and suggest valuable features for the product.
Develop business case for identified features with options and assumptions.
Evangelize gap-analysis and modelling techniques to bring out areas of improvement for product.
Initiate primary and secondary research and suggest new features to drive better usability factor and customer delight.
Initiate and guide the story author team to understand and implement the suggested recommendations within release timelines.
Capabilities:
Feature creation across functional domains; maintain a healthy product backlog. Backlog prioritization in consultation with product owners.
Initiate & conduct collaboration workgroup sessions with business and technical SMEs to firm up requirements and solution view.
Active participation in Product Increment (PI) planning workshops·
Collaboration with cross team BAs to create a unified view of feature backlog; present sprint-wise delivery plan to business owners.
Liaise with Feature Team Lead (FTL), Scrum Master to organize feature walkthroughs; provide inputs on story point estimation (T-shirt sizing).
Articulate & escalate discovery risks, as appropriate.
Understand usage of project & program management tools like ESA and its processes · Big data experience or Open Source full stack (Java and related technology) technical skills is required Ensure consistent billability for self and the team in consulting engagements (direct or indirect revenue streams).
Manage travel readiness of the team.
Facilitate understanding of operational issues.
Manage financial and operational activities
Salary Range: >$100,000
Next Steps:
If you feel this opportunity suits you, or Cognizant is the type of organization you would like to join, we want to have a conversation with you! Please apply directly with us.
For a complete list of open opportunities with Cognizant, visit http://www.cognizant.com/careers Cognizant is committed to providing Equal Employment Opportunities. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a background check.
About Cognizant:
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.
#LI-CTSAPAC
Employee Status : Full Time Employee
Shift : Day Job
Job Posting : May 10 2022
About Cognizant
Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant."
33,33,"Introduction:
About AssetFuture

AssetFuture is a global leader in asset optimisation. Our SaaS Solution works behind-the-scenes to make complex decisions simpler. Our vision is to improve communities by enabling a range of organisations to make significant cost savings, reduce risk and increase performance of physical assets across the entire portfolio, through evidence-based decision making.

Description:
Liaise with project management, communications teams and field assessors
Draw insights, enable clients/management to deliver effective business decisions
Professional, close-knit Data Excellence and Engineering teams

About AssetFuture

AssetFuture is a global leader in asset optimisation. Our SaaS Solution works behind-the-scenes to make complex decisions simpler. Our vision is to improve communities by enabling a range of organisations to make significant cost savings, reduce risk and increase performance of physical assets across the entire portfolio, through evidence-based decision making.

Reporting to the Data Excellence Manager, as Data Analyst you will validate, manage and analyse the AssetFuture database. As an integral part of the data team, you will liaise closely with the project management and communications teams and the field assessors.

The objective of the role is to draw insights to enable clients and management to deliver effective operational business decisions.

The role can be based in Sydney, NSW, or at our Brisbane office at Eagle Farm, QLD. Flexible working is possible.

What you will be doing:
Validate data collected by our field assessors against floor plans, using construction knowledge and photographs taken of all spaces
Follow up with the field assessors with relevant questions regarding the data collected
Carry out the data validation process in accordance with the Validation Guidelines documentation
Carry out general database administration tasks
Assist in data analysis, visualisation, and reporting
Collaborate and contribute as an effective member of the Data Excellence team
Initiate and maintain an excellent level of verbal and written communications with clients, internal stakeholders and team members
Respond to unforeseen queries and challenges in a calm and courteous way, remaining polite and professional at all times

Skills and Experiences:
To be successful in this role, you will have:
1-2 years’ experience of working with data in a professional context, handling large data sets in validation, manipulation and analysis
Exceptional attention to detail and a high level of accuracy as data analysis drives critical business decisions and recommendations
Education/Certification: Bachelor qualification in the areas of Engineering, Computer Science and/or Statistics discipline
Advanced skills in the use of Microsoft Office - Word and Excel
Ability to learn the functionality and use of specific computer software
Maths Skills - understanding of basic statistical methods
Programming Skills - understanding of programming logic
Familiarity with Python, R, SQL – ideal
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Superior time management skills to meet frequent tight deadlines
Professional attitude and a strong commercial awareness
Ability to remain calm and think clearly in a variety of situations
Resourcefulness in finding answers yourself and knowing when to escalate or seek help from others
Adaptability in a fast-paced and progressive working environment
Fully vaccinated in COVID-19

If you are passionate about delivering accurate data that drives business decisions and have demonstrated experience in data validation, manipulation and analysis, please click 'Apply' to let us have your CV and cover letter – we would love to hear from you.

We are only able to consider candidates with full, permanent Australian work rights.

In order to comply with various Federal/State/Territory Government mandates and Client site requirements, you must be able to provide proof of vaccination if required to do so as part of the Assetlink recruitment process.

AssetFuture’s Diversity Commitment: AssetFuture is committed to maintaining, growing and supporting our diverse and inclusive culture, by seeking and promoting diversity within each of our work sites. We welcome and encourage applications from diverse community groups and ages including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander, LGBTIQA, people with disabilities, women, and other diversity groups.

AssetFuture recognises the benefits of diversity in creating amazing customer experiences, increasing productivity and encouraging business growth."
34,34,"Location:
Canberra, Australian Capital Territory


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Government


Salary:
Negotiable


Reference:
CR/011314_1651713730


12 month engagement with further 12 months extension
Flexible work arrangements
Australian citizen and ability to obtain baseline clearance
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established innovative Australian company providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries including Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 850 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights.
The role
Projects will comprise of implementing an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, storing transactional data and archiving of required data.
The requirements
Analyse and review datasets and prepare a current state analysis
Be proficient with using Excel to store and analyse data, including formulas and data manipulation
Develop and contribute to ongoing project reporting requirements
Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis as part of the design process
Develop and maintain relevant project and design documentation
Oversee and validate data and reports for consistency
Be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve
Experience in information technology, data analysis, data management, or related fields would be highly regarded, including the ability to communicate data concepts to generalist audiences.
To be considered please send in your application to Simmi and you can call on 02 6243 6460 to discuss further.
FinXL does not accept unsolicited resumes or appreciate unsolicited calls from recruitment agencies.
FinXL encourages applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people."
35,35,"Line of Service
Advisory
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
Analytics
Management Level
Senior Associate
Job Description & Summary
Join PwC’s consulting team as a Senior Associate and help businesses and government clients make better decisions and improve their performance through descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics.
The Opportunity
At PwC, we help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From improving healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting Australia’s start up industry, you’ll build trust in society and solve important problems.


Working with high performing, multidisciplinary members of the Analytic Intelligence team, you will seek to understand your client’s challenges, design and build analytical models or perform data analysis to assist them in understanding the impact of various financial or operational changes to their business. You will simplify complex ideas and present them to clients in an easy to understand and impactful way.


As a Senior Associate your impact will be seen by thinking outside the box and providing high level analysis and solutions to our clients.


Success does stem from a positive attitude, hard work and going the extra mile, but that’s not all!


You will:
Design impactful data visualisations to communicate complex ideas in Tableau and other similar tools.
Manipulate, analyse and cleanse complex data sets in Alteryx and other advanced analytics tools.
Develop databases (SQL), models, and workflows to manipulate large and complex datasets to derive business insights.
Derive and communicate insight from geospatial data in tools such as PostGIS, QGIS, Alteryx, Tableau, and Python.
About You
The brief is simple...
You have a solid background working in a data or analytics focused role. You are capable of building complex models to solve financial or operational issues , and have at least a basic understanding of geospatial data, concepts, and techniques. You will have a degree in a quantitative discipline, such as maths/stats, actuarial sciences, computer science, engineering, or life sciences. You have the ability to think abstractly, solve problems and deal with ambiguity and will possess a self-starter attitude, good time management and communication skills.
You thrive in a collaborative and innovative culture and want to join a firm that values problem solvers, the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and key stakeholders.


Your colleagues can vouch that you


Act with integrity and show care for the people you work with
Demonstrate an ability to listen and understand complex project issues
Constructively challenge though rationale where appropriate and seek clarification
Sound like you? Read on.
What We Offer
Working for Australia’s largest professional services firm you’ll join a global network spanning 157 countries that delivers meaningful outcomes for a wide range of clients.
Our culture and benefits are why we’re LinkedIn’s number one Australian workplace. With state of the art offices and premium technology, each person has access to flexible work options. The dress policy is flexible too - you choose what you wear based on the work you do with your team and clients.


Fostering an inclusive culture and embracing differences is at the core of everything we do. PwC empowers you to be yourself and work with people from many backgrounds to achieve things never thought possible. Get involved in our employee-led diversity networks (cultural, disability, LGBTI or gender equality) and benefit from our best-in-class policies such as 18 weeks maternity/paternity leave, flexible work and gender equity.


Up for a challenge? We’re committed to helping our people unleash their potential. Hard work doesn’t go unrewarded and industry best coaching, mentoring, training and development are ready and waiting. If you hold a genuine desire to make a difference and want to surround yourself with like-minded, talented and driven individuals who strive to do the same , apply now .
PwC is committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce. Our Reconciliation Action Plan sets out our commitment to increase Indigenous employment. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians.


Sarah Cullen is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experience high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all.
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
No
Job Posting End Date
June 13, 2022"
36,36,"Human Resources
Permanent/continuing, full-time appointment
Level: 6/7: $81,741 - $101,216 + 17% superannuation
The Equity, Diversity & Inclusion (EDI) Data Analyst position is responsible for the development, quantitative analysis and interpretation of data associated with the suite of EDI programs and initiatives led by the Human Resources Division, to further develop equity, diversity and inclusion at the University of Wollongong. These programs and initiatives include but are not limited to the Science in Australia Gender Equity (SAGE) Athena SWAN program, Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA) annual reporting, the Australian Workplace Equality Index (AWEI) and the University’s workforce diversity policies and strategies.
The EDI Data Analyst works closely with the Workforce Diversity Advisor, the EDI Workforce Officer, the Aboriginal Employment Strategy Advisor and the broader HR Division to support initiatives that promote diversity and inclusion within the University, informed by robust research and data analysis. This position is also responsible for the preparation and analysis of accurate and relevant data for internal/external EDI compliance and legislative reporting requirements.
Applicants will be prompted to respond to selection criteria within the online application. For further information about the role please contact Natalie Asquith on (02) 4298 1399.
The University of Wollongong is committed to equality, diversity and inclusion. As an equal opportunity employer, and a recognised leader in gender equality, we encourage and welcome applications from a diverse range of backgrounds and people including: culturally and linguistically diverse, women, disability, LGBTIQ+, and Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander Australians.
Closing Date: Wednesday 1 June 2022 11:59 PM
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $81,741.00 – $101,216.00 per year"
37,37,"An exciting opportunity for a Commercial Analyst (Pricing and Insights) has become available in the Commercial department of ALDI Stores, based in Minchinbury. This is a permanent full-time role.
As a Commercial Analyst, you will promote the execution of ALDI’s overall pricing strategy by providing data driven recommendations and insights to key stakeholders. Through the development of detailed analytical reports and insights, you will be key in influencing and driving business outcomes.
Role responsibilities:
Leverage advanced analytics to develop scalable decision-making tools
Develop and construct complex data ETL processes
Design, build and maintain business dashboards and applications
Manipulate and interpret complex data sets into meaningful insights
Generate reports and cleanse data
Serve as a technical expert, managing pricing software, large databases and pricing projects
Identify improvement opportunities and implement strategies to drive business efficiency
Engage with stakeholders and advise on pricing related projects
What's in it for you?
Market leading remuneration commencing on $124,900 - $142,500 (including super)
Genuine work life balance with work from home and flexible working arrangements
5 weeks annual leave
Free on-site parking available
Be a part of a leading international retailer
Selection criteria:
Demonstrated experience in a pricing/commercial role, preferably in FMCG/Retail
Tertiary qualification in relevant field e.g. Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Commerce, etc.
Proven experience in project management
Intermediate to advanced understanding of programming language e.g. SQL or Python
Demonstrated experience in data visualisation e.g. Tableau or Power BI
Proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite, particularly Excel and PowerPoint
Strong communication skills, with the ability to build and maintain stakeholder relationships
This role reports to the Executive Manager - Commercial
#LI-Hybrid"
38,38,"Fast growing ASX retailer with genuine career progression opportunities
Flexible working arrangements / work from home 2 days a week
New office with onsite parking, basketball court, BBQ area and outdoor table tennis

Join the family devoted to families.
Family. It means everything to us. From our very first baby steps as a small Balwyn store in 1979, we've grown to become Australia's largest and best-loved baby retailer. Along the way, we've never lost sight of the fact that it's our team members that make Baby Bunting so special.
Every day, our diverse and dedicated store team members provide expert product knowledge to support mums, dads, grandparents and carers through the early years of parenthood. We’re passionate about creating better experiences every day – for our customers and each other.
The benefits of joining us:
More than a place to work, Baby Bunting is a place to grow. Join our team and you'll be rewarded with benefits like these:
We're accelerating our growth, which will create exciting personal development and career progression opportunities.
We're making the most of flexible working, driving strong digital collaboration and supporting our teams virtually and flexibly - work 2 days from home.
Team discounts
We have a new Support Centre based in Dandenong South, featuring modern facilities including onsite parking, a Basketball court, BBQ area and outdoor Table Tennis.
Paid parental leave
Novated leasing options
Join our family in this role:
Reporting to the eCommerce Manager, the Digital Data Analyst will be responsible for data management, governance and analysis within our digital/online team.
The role has primary responsibility for managing and maintaining digital data collection and tracking across Baby Bunting digital platforms and experiences including developing standards and processes for data management and integration. The role will also manage and maintain digital data platforms and services including Tealium IQ, Google Analytics and Contentsquare.
The role will collaborate closely with business stakeholders to complete data analysis and modelling to support operational reporting, customer insights and measuring the success of digital initiatives and support the growth of our online channel and customer engagement.
What you'll bring to the role:
Preferably completed formal studies / qualifications in a data / analytics related discipline, or equivalent work experience.
Some experience in marketing tag implementation using TMS such as Tealium or Google Tag Manager to provide insights and conversion tracking
Some experience in customer experience data platforms such as Contentsquare / Google Analytics
Preferably experience in the technical implementation of digital data and measurement solutions in a retail / ecommerce environment.
Understanding of digital marketing campaigns, including SEO (Search Engine Optimization), SEM, display and social.
A working understanding of tag management data layers and JavaScript / APIs etc.
Our Culture:
You’ll be joining a dynamic, friendly team where you’ll be challenged and supported to achieve personal and business goals. Expect a work environment that is highly collaborative, inclusive, and progressive.
Our Values - Being Passionate. Being Considerate. Being Honest. Being Positive. Being Focused. Being Bold
We believe our people and our values make the difference and set us apart in the industry.
Ready to become family?
We’d love to hear from you.
Looking for more?
Join our Talent Community to stay up to date with our upcoming job opportunities
Please note;
Due to the intimate and personal nature of our work, successful applicants will need to undergo a National Police Criminal History check.
In Victoria, from the 15th of October 2021, people who are Authorised Workers will not be able to work without the COVID vaccine unless medically exempt or under 16 years of age.
Baby Bunting has remained opened to continue providing urgent services necessary for the health and safety of parents and infants in supplying essential goods and services. Accordingly, Baby Bunting Team members in Melbourne and Regional Victoria are considered Authorised Workers."
39,39,"About Make It Cheaper:
Make It Cheaper is Australia’s number one SME focused energy price comparison service, our purpose is to make it easy for Australian businesses to save time and money again and again.
Operating in SME as well as residential and large Commercial and Industrial segments, we are fast-growing (30% year-on-year) and highly entrepreneurial with ambitious scale-up and diversification plans. Having enjoyed phenomenal success over recent years, we are now looking to significantly improve lead efficiency, digitise and automate our customer experience and operations.
We are a fun group of approximately 100 team members working on a single floor in a bright/open office overlooking Woolloomooloo Bay and The Domain.
Culture:
Our culture is positive, fun and vibrant with a lack of bureaucracy and red tape – we are looking for someone who sees the benefits of operating in such an environment. We believe in trusting, enabling and empowering our people to do what they do best. New ideas with a solid business case will always be considered, so someone who wants to make a real difference will love this opportunity. Working hard and playing harder is at the very core of our culture with lots of team building within the business services and broader team.
Purpose:
The Insights and Analytics team are responsible for optimising sales and marketing data, lead funnel performance and reporting, including revenue, GP and energy retailer pricing optimisation. Leveraging data analytics and modelling tools to maximise customer experience through best offers at the right time. Building out robust management reports in Tableau and ensuring stakeholders are informed on key performance measures. Identifying trends across all data points to generate actionable outcomes. Providing lead performance forecasting to under pin financial plans and budgets. Initially this new Analyst role will be focused on delivery of campaign leads and performance reporting, and building out from there, reporting to the Insights and Analytics Manager.
Duties and responsibilities
Lead data delivery and performance reporting
Delivering effective campaign files for targeted telesales/marketing campaigns and customer communications
Continually optimise campaign design and data through lead funnel ROI, and correlation analysis; granular, through time, by energy retailer and sales
Improve customer targeting by developing strategic and tactical segmentations, understanding key customer profiles and high performing lead sources to enable enhanced data contact rules and acquisition strategies
Data augmentation to drive improved customer understanding, targeting and ROI for energy and a growing range of new product verticals
Maintain and augment a suite of dashboards in Tableau covering operational campaign management to management/ROI reporting
About You:
You are someone who truly loves data and gets a buzz from driving lead delivery and performance
You have exceptional campaign data, insight and analytical skills
You understand what good looks like in multi-channel campaign delivery management and ROI optimisation
You have a Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative discipline; Maths, Engineering, Science, IT
You are highly advanced in Excel, intermediate SQL and have CRM environment exposure
You have 2-3 years experience in a campaign data analytics role
Perks
Friendly, dynamic and values-driven work culture
Health and wellbeing initiatives such as onsite gym membership discounts, break out area with views of the Sydney Harbour Bridge
Access to our Employee Assistance program (EAP)
Additional day of annual leave for each yearly anniversary
Awesome Woolloomooloo location
Career Development through our partnership with the Australian Institute of Management
Flexible Work Arrangements
But don't just believe us. Check out our ratings on Product Review where we have an average 4.6/5 stars on 800 ratings!
https://www.productreview.com.au/listings/make-it-cheaper
Please accompany your application with a personalised cover letter addressed to the Analytics and Insights Manager, detailing why this role is for you. Only successful applicants will be contacted, we are looking forward to hearing from you!
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 – $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Referral program
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Information & Communication Technology Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
40,40,"The speed of change is throwing traditional business methods into question and disrupting the relevance of entire industries. Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services, is at the forefront of innovation and well placed to address opportunities for our clients in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organisations to realise their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company with over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2020 combined revenues of EUR 15.8 billion. Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com.

Let's talk about the team:
Our Applications Managed Services team help our clients create more value for. their business and improve efficiency through IT Systems. Our services are highly industrialized, underpinned by robust SLAs, based on industry-standard best practices, and delivered by a cost-effective mix of onshore, nearshore, and offshore resources. We're about more than 'keeping the lights on for. less' - we provide a commitment to continuous improvement and value generation.

Let's talk about the role and responsibilities:

Develop, build, and deliver technical solutions to customers based on IBM Planning Analytics
Maintain and enhance skills in Planning Analytics, IBM's strategic direction, and wider IBM Data & AI technologies
Integrate reporting, modelling and analysis
Understand organisation data and make effective business decisions
Be seen as a subject matter expert in Planning Analytics to customers and colleagues
Support others through mentoring, coaching and presentations
Supporting client advocacy practices within expert labs
Let's talk about your capability and experience:

Professional Services / Consulting experience
Experience in IBM Cognos and TM1 Analytics Data Visualisation
Proven track record of implementing complex solutions to customers in IBM Planning Analytics
Proven ability to translate business and technical requirements into solution architecture design, documentation, and best practices
Proficiency in utilising spreadsheets
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Let's talk about what's in it for you!
Passionate people are Capgemini's Ace of Spades - join us to discover a career that will challenge, support and inspire you. Working at Capgemini you'll find the rewards are more than just financial. You will work alongside some very smart and inspiring people on exciting projects and you will also enjoy incredible benefits. We offer flexible work practices and 40 hours of self-development every year with a huge selection of learning opportunities to choose from. Capgemini constantly aims for excellence in its operations and the employee experience it provides. In line with our Purpose, Flexible Working aims to improve the overall people experience by providing an optimal work-life balance, more autonomy and freedom in when, where and how we work.
As ""Architects of Positive Futures"", Capgemini actively supports the community in 3 ways:
Diversity and Inclusion - we believe diversity of thought fuels excellence and innovation, which is why we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of their gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, ability, intersex status or age. To support our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we celebrate or recognise special events and days of significance that are important to our employees such as Diwali, Bastille Day, Pride, IDAHOBIT, IWD and International day of people with Disabilities. Our Employee Resource Groups Women@Capgemini, OutFront, Indigenous, Parents and Carers and Sustainability Community of Practice support the grassroots passion of employees to drive our diversity agenda and effect change.
Digital inclusion - at Capgemini we are using our skills to drive social impact initiatives focusing on helping society address the impact of the digital and automation revolution. We also provide employees with opportunities to give back to the community through charity projects and volunteer days.
Environmental Sustainability - Capgemini joined the CDP's (Carbon Disclosure Project) prestigious ""A list"" for its commitment to the Net-Zero economy. As well as focusing on helping our clients transform towards more sustainable business models, Capgemini recently announced its commitment to becoming a netzero busines by 2030.
Recognised by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the last 9 years in a row, ethics and values are at the heart of Capgemini's corporate culture and business. Embedded in our DNA, our seven values - Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Team Spirit, Freedom, Fun and Modesty - have remained the same since company inception in 1967. To see how we bring these values to life, visit www.capgemini.com/au-en/careers/ and listen to some of our employee's stories.
#GetTheFutureYouWant - Come join us, bring your whole self to work, create new possibilities for you, your customers and your community and help us to be Architects of Positive Futures.

Please note unsolicited resumes from employment agencies or other third parties will not be considered.
#LI-TK1"
41,41,"Located in our Brisbane Catholic Education head office in Woolloongabba – walking distance to trains, buses and shops
Full-Time Permanent || Commencing June 2022
$106,510 per annum plus super and benefits

About the role
As Strategy Analyst, you will analyse data to create meaningful insights that will enable the identification of strategic issues and opportunities across BCE.

This includes utilising a range of strategic frameworks for problem solving. You will create clear and concise narratives to share findings with diverse stakeholders in the form of reports, briefing papers and presentations, and support the delivery of evidence-based solutions

In this role, you will:
deliver BCE’s strategic plan, including strategic planning analysis, implementation, and reporting frameworks
clarify, track and report progress against BCE strategic plan priorities
identify, research and analyse organisational issues and opportunities, and develop evidence-based strategies or responses

About you - you will bring to the role:
Demonstrated experience as strategy analyst, or similar role focused on data analysis and interpretation.
Experience in delivering strategic plans and strategic initiatives, or equivalent in a large and complex organisation
Demonstrated ability to frame, scope, and structure strategic problems by identifying applicable strategic frameworks to solve problems
Ability to identify and assess strategic issues and opportunities through evidence based data analysis
Ability to prepare high-quality quantitative and qualitative reports, briefing papers and presentations for both technical and non-technical audiences and Senior Executives that clearly articulate insights
High-level verbal and written communication skills
Working collaboratively within a team environment, sharing, and transferring knowledge to achieve planned outcomes

About the organisation
Brisbane Catholic Education is a learning community of over 145 schools. We aim to provide quality teaching and learning outcomes for Prep to Year 12 students.

All BCE employees are:

eligible to work in Australia
vaccinated in accordance with the Covid-19 vaccination policy

For more detail, please refer to the attached Role Description.

BCE benefits: Stronger connections today | Inspired people tomorrow
Belong to something bigger to play a key role in building better communities for a future we will all be proud to be part of. You will quickly become a core part of a compassionate and professional team that values diversity of thought and a commitment to building and shaping future generations.
Meaningful work where you can make a difference
Flexible working arrangements
Up to 12.75% superannuation (with co-contributions)
Competitive remuneration with salary packaging and sacrificing options

BEGIN your application now to be considered for this exciting opportunity.



At BCE we are committed to child safety and wellbeing. This position involves working with children. The successful applicants will be subject to satisfactory employment screening for child related employment in accordance with legislation.

Equity and inclusion are at the core of our Catholic values and we recognise the benefits of a diverse workforce. We encourage and welcome candidates from all backgrounds to apply for this role.

We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to provide a positive, barrier-free recruitment process for people with disability. Should you require any adjustments to the recruitment process to equitably participate, we encourage you to contact us at the time of application.

With a strong commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, BCE is commited to preventing the spread of vaccine-preventable diseases such as COVID-19. In line with direction from the Queensland Government Health, applicable to the education sector, BCE requires workers to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to attend work.


Employment status: Full Time Continuing


Contact Person: Melissa Window
Contact Telephone Number: 07 3033 7608
Contact Email: Melissa.Window@bne.catholic.edu.au


Closing Date: 22-May-2022"
42,42,"About Milwaukee
Milwaukee Tools is an industry leader in the manufacture of cordless & electric power tools, accessories, and hand tools. We pride ourselves on an unrelenting strategic focus on powerful brands, innovative products and exceptional people.

Our culture is centered around improving the lives of our users, something that not only drives our product development but underpins everything we do.
About the role
The key purpose of this role is work with the Research & Insights Manager and the wider team to launch and lead Milwaukee’s Research & Insights programmes and strategy
The Research & Insights Analyst will work with the wider Research & Insights team to generate a thorough understanding of the Australian and New Zealand end-user marketplace and competitive landscape. Using quantitative and qualitative methodologies, they will share understanding of market drivers and support strategic decision making across the business.
What will you do?
The Research & Insights Analyst will:
Regularly track, measure and report on Milwaukee brand health and market share to extract
maximum value for the business
Contribute to writing, set up and design of quantitative surveys
Moderate qualitative bulletin boards, groups and IDIs
Assist on key strategic research pieces to understand new markets and key opportunities
Identify, guide and optimise marketing and communications messaging to different audiences
Undertake analysis and compile ad hoc and quarterly reports
Present key findings of reports, including actionable insights for stakeholders, designed to
grow Milwaukee's revenue and market share
We are looking for the following qualities, skills and experience:
2+ years in Research & Insights and / or Marketing (including market research agencies)
Broad experience in qualitative and quantitative research methodologies
Ability to think commercially and strategically
An aptitude for project management
Strong organisational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects, stakeholders and deadlines
Ability to run data tables and conduct analysis in Q Software (or similar)
Any experience in running online insights communities or exposure to Voice of the Customer programmes would be appreciated (but is not essential)
Why Milwaukee?

In return, you will be rewarded with:
A competitive total remuneration package
Participation in a bonus scheme
Access to extremely generous company product discounts
A career defining leadership role
A key role in a fast growing and energetic global business
Greenfields environment with an opportunity to build a best practice team and capability
Make a meaningful impact to the business
Work within a collaborative and innovative culture
If you fit the above attributes and are excited at the prospect of joining a large, successful, and dynamic organisation, then please APPLY NOW"
43,43,"What is it like working at Harris Farm Markets?
Fun, fast paced and in IT you will have opportunity to work on multiple platforms and cutting-edge technologies. As family owned dynamic fresh food retailer who is rapidly growing, to thrive you will need to be open to being incredibly flexible and agile in order to meet business demands. In other words, it is busy and very fun!
As for our team, we are a small team of innovative developers who deliver quality solutions to the technical challenges of a rapidly growing company who have been a household name since 1971.
The Company
Harris Farm Markets has built a strong reputation for delivering good quality fresh food at great value for our customers.
For over 40 years we’ve remained 100% family owned and operated. We’re 26 stores (and counting) across Sydney and NSW and home to over 2,200 wonderful employees all with a common purpose, to reconnect Aussies with the joy of food.


The Role
We’re looking for a strong Business Intelligence & Data Warehouse Developer to join a fast-paced team to design and develop new BI solutions as well as redesigning the existing legacy solutions. The BI/DW Developer will also be responsible for the ongoing maintenance of those solutions. They will create & complete data requests & queries through visualization & reports, present the information that’s required to provide commercial insights to support a fast growing organisation.
You need to be an ideas person who can seek out ways to do your role smarter, thinking outside the box. This role is all about building a powerful BI capability that supports the evolution of business objectives & underpins exec level decision making such that they are better equipped & informed to drive the company forward.
We need to find the right person who can demonstrate proficiency in the following technologies:


About you
Essential skills/experience you will have
Experience evaluating and improving existing BI systems for legacy data warehouse
Experience designing the BI/DW to achieve optimal storage & reporting queries
Conducting troubleshooting on BI models
Working with senior developers to optimise database structures for existing BI systems in-place
Strong SQL (primary Microsoft SQL Server), working with advanced SQL concepts like stored procedures, views, functions and query optimization & performance tuning (Essential)
Strong SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) skills for data integration and data modelling
Experience/Understanding in data warehouse design and concepts
Understanding of C# programming (Console applications)
Understanding of SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), MDX Queries, Partition management and processing
Maintaining data analytics platforms, preferred SSRS
Exposure to Oracle/MySQL/MariaDB databases and aware of PL/SQL programming
Non-essential skills/experience
Understanding of SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), to design reports and manage reporting platform
Exposure of QlikView/Qlik sense
Experience with Azure DevOps Source Control
If you have a keen interest in data science that would certainly be looked upon favourably as there is the potential for this role to evolve into having that flavour so any python experience would very beneficial.


Why you should apply
Work with an awesome team!
A highly varied role that will challenge you to think outside the box
Opportunity to work with multiple technologies and IT Platforms
Workplace Flexibility
25% Staff Discount"
44,44,"Growth opportunities across the end-to-end & cloud-based Data & Analytics
Exciting part-time opportunity to work either in Melbourne or Sydney office.
Flexible working arrangements



About BSA
The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure). BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.
We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

Position overview
As our Power BI Reporting Analyst , you will be responsible for building reports within power Bi and maintain all reporting within Power BI
You will have the ability to not only develop and present data and reporting but own it and take it a step further! You will identify the root causes of our performance and tell us the ‘why’ to support us in creating the right plans that align to our overall strategy and business goals. This is an exciting part-time opportunity to work either in our Melbourne (Dingley) or Sydney (Lidcombe) office.

Here is what you can expect:

Ensure working relationships with relevant internal and nbn stakeholders to ensure that their requirements for business improvement, data and reporting are met.
Agree Business Improvement projects and manage the customer interaction and Business
Improvement deliverables effectively
Ability to benchmark performance and identify which actions/approach are ‘best practice’ to standardize this and ensure our approach is aligned nationally
Ability to interpret data and provide relevant insights back to key stakeholders in a simple format to help shape our business plans and strategy
Attend and contribute to management meetings to discuss performance and determine actions with both peers and nbn stakeholders
Ensure adequate processes are in place within the business to enable timely, efficient, and accurate KPI analysis and reporting
Understand current and future industry trends together with likely changes to contract and business policies, technology and regulatory legislation affecting the business.
Here is what we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant field
Experience in PowerBI is desirable.
Minimum 2-3 years practical experience in a Data Analytics/Insights related work environment.
Stakeholder management with ability to influence outcomes
Ability to promote thinking “outside the box” and develop plans to implement change
Strong attention to detail.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
45,45,"Senior Data Analyst - Quality and Patient Safety (523197)
Department of Health
Clin Quality, Rgltn & Acred
CQRA - Clin Governance, Qlty & Ptnt Sfty


Applications must be submitted by Sunday 29 May, 2022 11:55 PM
Position details
Applications close:
Sunday 29 May, 2022 11:55 PM AEST


Award/Classification:
Health and Human Services (Tasmanian State Service) Award/General Stream, Band 6




Employment Type:
Part Time


Region:
North


Applicants are advised that in accordance with Tasmanian Public Health Directions, all employees of the Department of Health must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. This step is critical in protecting both our health workforce and vulnerable Tasmanians in our care.
The Team:
The Clinical Quality, Regulation and Accreditation Group (CQRA) consolidates specialist advice on health professional, policy and clinical issues impacting the Tasmanian health system, to the Secretary of the Department of Health (DoH).
The Role:
The Senior Data Analyst - Quality and Patient Safety contributes to the successful positioning of the Agency as a leader in the provision of high quality, accountable and measurable healthcare, both internally and externally, by:
Acting as an expert resource to the statewide Quality and Patient Safety Service (QPSS) within Clinical Quality, Regulation and Accreditation regarding clinical data and information management indicators associated with the service.
Providing data analytics services to the statewide QPSS, including the provision and management of relevant, high quality informatics.
Working extensively with the QPSS teams within the services/regions and clinicians to promote and support the effective use of data through development of data analysis and reporting mechanisms that meet the strategic plan for the Service.
Producing regular reports for governing entities that reflect Patient Safety, Quality Improvement and Compliance System Key Performance Indicators.
Note: - Please refer to the Statement of Duties for all the selection criteria of this position to address in your application.
Details of Appointment:
Permanent, part time day work position working 7.6 hours per fortnight commencing 6 June 2022.
notwithstanding hours may be negotiated with the successful applicant
Applicants should note that, for a period of six months from the date of publication, this selection process may be used to fill subsequent or similar full time and part time vacancies.
Location:
Launceston
Salary: $97,266 to $110,374 pro-rata per annum+ 10% superannuation
Salary range is in accordance with Public Sector Unions Wages Agreement 2019
Applicants should note the following criteria are desirable:
Relevant postgraduate qualifications
Current Driver’s Licence
The Head of the State Service has determined that the person nominated for this job is to satisfy a pre‑employment check before taking up the appointment, on promotion or transfer. The following checks are to be conducted:
Conviction checks in the following areas:
crimes of violence
sex related offences
serious drug offences
crimes involving dishonesty
Identification check
Disciplinary action in previous employment check.
Download the Statement of Duties and any Associated Documents
We encourage you to review the Applicant Guide and Statement of Duties, prior to applying for an overview of the duties, program, selection process and selection criteria.


Applicant Guide


How to Apply


You will be prompted to complete a 1-2 page application detailing your experience, skills and knowledge as they relate to the attached Statement of Duties.
Please Note:
We do not require a separate statement addressing the selection criteria in the Statement of Duties.
All attachments must be in Microsoft Word or PDF format.
Referee details are submitted as part of the online application so make sure you have the contact details of two referees before applying.
For More Information
Amanda Cruwys
Patient Safety Manager – Consumer Engagement
(03) 6777 4235
amanda.cruwys@ths.tas.gov.au


Important Information
The email account you provide when submitting job applications will be used in correspondence to you. It is important that this is kept up to date and monitored regularly.
To update your email address (or contact number), log in to www.jobs.tas.gov.au and look for “Existing applicant login” where you can update your details
The Department of Health values workforce diversity and recognises the value each person offers which is shaped by their unique characteristics, background, experiences, knowledge, skills, values and perspectives."
46,46,"This is an exciting opportunity to join the Disney+ AUNZ team, in a role responsible for contributing to ongoing subscriber growth and retention through measurement, analysis and insight generation, with a particular focus on marketing performance.

This role partners with local strategy, insights, marketing, content and finance teams, and collaborates with colleagues within a regional and global analytics structure, to improve business results through statistical rigor, data analysis and reporting, and fast-paced execution, with an emphasis on the timely, clear communication of results, insights and actionable recommendations.

Based in Melbourne, this role will play a critical role in supporting awareness and acquisition media channels including Paid Search, Display, Social, Video, Audio and Affiliate. This role analyzes complex data from both internal and external sources to help identify opportunities, inform media buying, optimize conversion funnels and ensure media dollars are optimally invested.

The successful candidate will demonstrate acute attention to detail, a strong sense of accountability, and solid hands-on experience with large datasets, a passion for digital and linear media landscapes, and a good understanding of the intricacies and unique attributes of each step in the marketing funnel.

Responsibilities :

Marketing Performance Reporting, Visualization, and Regression Management: Be a primary partner for awareness and acquisition marketing stakeholders, focused on reporting and optimizing digital and linear marketing channel performance (across social, display, search, audio, video and affiliate channels), and marketing budget optimization.
Deep-Dive Analysis: Analyze marketing performance data across channels, tactics, partners and individual ad networks to identify patterns, uncover opportunities, and optimize budget / drive marketing spend efficiencies through the funnel.
Build automated reporting, and present results to the broader organization.
Experimentation and Tracking: Develop test and learn strategies related to targeting, creative and other variables to improve end-to-end conversion throughout the funnel. Support data tracking integrations both internally and with third parties to ensure global best practices are deployed for the Disney+ AUNZ business.
Data-Driven Culture: Be an approachable team member who enhances the data culture within Disney, and collaborate with senior stakeholders to co-design and communicate a strategic roadmap and backlog for marketing data analytics. Be a data ambassador to cross-functional teams, coaching best practice in use of reporting tools, data enrichment, and governance.
Metric Alignment and Code Development: Work with colleagues regionally and globally to align metric definitions, and update and maintain the code base in line with regional and global team best practices.

Basic Qualifications :

2+ years work experience developing in SQL, especially in an ETL processing pipeline
1+ years of analytical experience
Familiarity with Python/R or other statistical programming languages
Familiarity with data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker etc.
Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills
Degree in an analytical field
Qualifications:
Experience in the technology industry, knowledge of data products preferred.
Experience in the streaming media industry or other subscription-based service an advantage.
Bachelor’s degree in relevant focus (i.e., Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics or Machine Learning)

Preferred Qualifications:

Strong Technical Skills (SQL, Python, R or other statistical programming language)
Strong Microsoft Office skills including Excel, Word and PowerPoint
High attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to examines issues from a broad perspective while considering impact beyond immediate scope
Logical and lateral thinker
Excellent time management and organisation skills to ensure all priorities and multiple deadlines are met
A strong team player who contributes to an environment that embraces innovation
Strong communication skills including written, verbal and interpersonal

Additional Information :
This is unique opportunity to join the talented team that develops and delivers unparalleled entertainment across Australia and New Zealand so if this role captures your imagination then apply now!

The Walt Disney Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce that is representative of our audiences, and where all can thrive and belong. We are committed to building a team that includes and respects a variety of voices, identities, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives."
47,47,"Ongoing APS Level 5 Opportunity
Position available in Sydney or Melbourne
We are looking for a Data Analyst at the APS 5 level in the Calculations Team, within our Compliance Branch.

Successful candidates will work closely with our Fair Work Inspectors, Calculations Officers and IR technical experts, to analyse payroll records and data received from employers as part of investigations to assess compliance with modern awards and agreements.

About the FWO

The Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) is an independent statutory office established by the Fair Work Act 2009. Our functions outline the responsibilities we have as set by the Fair Work Act 2009 to achieve our purpose:

provide education, assistance, advice and guidance to employers, employees, outworkers, outworker entities and organisations
provide and monitor compliance with workplace laws
inquire into and investigate breaches of the Fair Work Act
take appropriate enforcement action
perform our statutory functions efficiently, effectively, economically and ethically.

What our employees say about us

We are one of the most engaged and high performing agencies in Australia; consistently scoring above average on employee engagement and wellbeing when surveyed against other APS agencies.

What we offer you

We provide a diverse, inclusive and supportive work environment with access to:



Great training and development opportunities
Generous leave and flexible working arrangements
Our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), a free counselling service for you and your family
A competitive salary, plus 15.4% superannuation
Rewards and recognition initiatives.

Eligibility

To be eligible for employment with the FWO you must be an Australian citizen.
The successful candidate must hold a current Australian Government Security Clearance (AGSVA) or be willing to undergo and obtain a Baseline security clearance.
Subject to the public health advice in place from time to time, the successful candidate will be required to attend the FWO offices regularly and, depending on the role, be required to attend other locations. In accordance with this requirement and the FWO’s work health and safety obligations, employees generally must be vaccinated against COVID-19, and provide satisfactory evidence of vaccination status.
For further information about the Fair Work Ombudsman, please visit www.fairwork.gov.au.

For information about our office locations please visit https://www.fairwork.gov.au/contact-us/offices

About the team

The Calculations Team supports the FWO’s compliance and litigation activities via the provision of time and wage calculations and self-reported underpayment analyses. The team works closely with other areas of the FWO, including Fair Work Inspectors and the Legal team, to deliver thorough and accurate time and wage assessments as matters track towards an enforcement outcome.

Typical Duties

The typical duties of a Data Analyst (APS5) include, however, are not limited to:



Develop and build data mining and data analysis solution on payroll data from a range of employers against minimum entitlements contained in modern awards and enterprise agreements
Develop and build automation and calculation solution on large and complex payroll records to support investigations
Apply consistent, timely, thorough, and accurate methodology to complex time and wage calculations and large-scale corporate payroll investigations
Identifying ways to streamline existing processes, optimise and continuous improvement of calculations tools
Effectively managing competing work priorities to meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment.

Selection Criteria

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to use technology to analyse data, information and documentation to inform investigation strategies and identify non-compliance with workplace laws.
Advanced statistics and analysis skills, 5+ years hands on experience in Microsoft Excel including writing complex formulas, automation, and applying best practice principles.
Experience with modern data analytics and data science tools for data analysis, visualisation and reporting. This includes the analysis and quality control of large data sets and associated processes.
Good verbal and written communication skills including the ability to communicate and summarise complex information from a range of sources.
The ability to work independently and collaboratively across teams, and build rapport with internal and external stakeholders
Applicant Information Kit Opens in new window
Job Description - DOCX Opens in new window
Job Description - PDF Opens in new window"
48,48,"$106,074 - $119,651 (plus super)
Edinburgh - SA, Fairbairn - ACT, Fishermans Bend - VIC
The Role
The Defence Science and Technology Group (DSTG) is offering two permanent positions as an Advanced Technology Foresight Analyst.
You will develop a sound understanding of a broad range of technologies, including current technologies and those that may be developed in the future. You will work with planners and operations analysts to foresee how these technologies might strengthen or weaken Australia’s national interests.

One position, located in Canberra, will focus on national security and the way it may operate in the future, including foreseeing disruptions or entirely new concepts of operations. The other position, located in Melbourne will focus on Defence capabilities, including foreseeing disruptions or entirely new capabilities. Although the positions are based in Canberra and Melbourne, we are open to the idea of having our candidate work from Edinburgh, SA.

The role involves desk-based technical research and analysis as part of a large team responsible for providing emerging technology and foresight advice to Defence and other government departments. You will be responsible for a technical area that corresponds to your current S&T skills, and will broaden your expertise into a range of fields relevant to Defence (for example AI, cyber, biotechnology, quantum and many others).

You will be trained in role-specific analytic skills, including data analytics and foresight techniques. You will develop a deep understanding of the structure and decision-making processes of the Defence Department, to ensure your advice is tailored to have an impact. You will develop into a communications expert, able to concisely explain technical issues to busy, non-technical stakeholders. Outputs will include written reports, verbal briefings, multi-media and infographics. The role requires building networks across our own team of experts, as well as broader DSTG, Defence and intelligence.

About our Team
The technology analyst team is a part of the Defence Impacts of Emerging Technology (DIET) Group, within Strategy and Joint Force (SJF) Major Science and Technology Capability (MSTC), which is itself within the Joint and Operations Analysis Division of the Defence Science and Technology Group (DSTG).

This team is organised under DSTG’s Strategic Futures Project, and works closely with the Critical Technology Foresight (CTF) Group. You will be joining a project team of approximately 25 staff, including technology analysts (like this position), experts in tools and methods (such as AI experts who write programs to assist the analysts) and social scientists (who evaluate the impact of technology on society).

The Strategic Futures Project is a centre of gravity within government for emerging technology and foresight advice. Our advice feeds into decision-making, such as for senior Defence committees, the Department’s S&T portfolio planning and capability planning for the ADF. We play a key role in whole-of-government decision-making via our strong linkages to the Critical Technology Policy Coordination Office in PM&C. We partner with DSTG’s 2000 experts, across Defence, policy and intelligence agencies, and with international experts.

Our team is passionate, professional, welcoming and inclusive.

Our Ideal Candidate
We are seeking an Australian citizen who is naturally curious and motivated to develop broad expertise across diverse emerging technologies. Candidates from all S&T disciplines will be considered, but we especially seek experts in the physical sciences, engineering or systems analysis. We seek science-communicators who are passionate about making an impact for the nation. Ideally you will have experience in the APS, or have been responsible for leading and delivering projects in academia or industry. A pre-existing interest in Defence is not required, but you must be open to developing this.

S&T 5 level jobs are typically suitable for mid-career professionals rather than entry level jobs for graduates. You will have no formal responsibilities for supervising staff, but you will be expected to show leadership and take responsibility for driving outcomes and enhancing the capabilities of our team.

A PhD or equivalent qualifications/experience is required."
49,49,"Location:
Melbourne, Victoria


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Telecommunications


Salary:
Negotiable


Reference:
CR/010749_1652763925


FinXL IT Professional Services. We are an innovative Australian owned company providing our clients with technology enabled business solutions and consulting services. As the 'go-to' mid-tier Service Provider for many Australian and International clients, FinXL enjoys a diverse client portfolio.

We have an outstanding opportunity for a Data Analyst with a strong background in advanced excel analysis to join a growing team and exciting company.

Required Experience;

Must have strong excel skills with experience in VBA Scripting and Auto form generation
Investigate and understand the source data use formulas and maros in excel to fulfil the business needs
deep dive analysis and work on excel and create new spreadsheets
If you believe you are the right candidate for this role please do not hesitate to apply.

Due to the anticipated volume of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted."
50,50,"ACCIONA is a global company, leading in the development of regenerative infrastructure that creates a positive impact on society. Our workforce consists of more than 41,500 professionals, present in more than 40 countries across the five continents, all contributing in our mission to design a better planet. Are you a passionate individual who wants to make a difference, promote sustainable development, and find solutions to the biggest global challenges including climate change, overpopulation, and water scarcity? Come and join us in building the infrastructure our planet needs to achieve a sustainable future.
Since establishing a presence in Australia in 2002, ACCIONA has made significant investments in local opportunities and project development. ACCIONA employs more than 3,000 people in its renewable energy, infrastructure, and water projects across Australia & New Zealand.
Job Description
Coleman Rail has a long-standing reputation as the leading rail and infrastructure contractor in Australia, providing construction services for major rail and transport infrastructure projects Australia-wide, part of the ACCIONA group of companies with a presence in more than 40 countries.
Based in Port Melbourne at the project office the role of Data Analyst will require you to produce regular reporting on behalf of the Project Controls team, including overseeing the development and management of ongoing reporting requirements for internal and external purposes to internal stakeholders, Rail Projects Victoria (RPV) and relevant government bodies and authorities.
Responsibilities
Develop and manage the implementation of a strategy for the Systems, Reporting and Analytics function for the Alliance to assist people leaders in decision making
Own, deliver and manage the Alliances information systems to support outcomes to achieve Murray Basin Rail Projects (MBRP) Business Plan, regularly reviewing the capability is aligned to the needs of MBRP
Design and deliver effective reporting systems/tools/framework/metrics/data to meet statutory and compliance requirements as well as ad hoc requests
Maintain appropriate control environment with systems, tools and frameworks and assist the Alliance in leading a continuous improvement culture within the Alliance
Develop and produce monthly reporting requirements for the Alliance, ensuring integrity of data and reporting and analytics enables decision making
Required Skills and Competencies
Tertiary qualification in relevant discipline
Minimum 4 years’ experience in a similar role
An extensive background in developing metrics for complex, project-based environments, demonstrated ability to develop dashboards with accurate and meaningful data for decision making
An extensive background in the implementation and ongoing management and development of fully integrated cloud-based information systems
Current Driver Licence and your own reliable vehicle
ACCIONA has been given the Top Employer 2022 certification in Australia, which certifies the company's commitment to excellence in human resources management and those who focus on putting their people first through their exceptional HR policies. Since establishing a presence in Australia in 2002, ACCIONA has made significant investments in local opportunities and project development. ACCIONA employs more than 3,000 people in its renewable energy, infrastructure and water projects across Australia & New Zealand
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and promote equality and diversity. Indigenous Australians and candidates from minority groups are encouraged to apply."
51,51,"SAP Master Data Analyst – Immediate Start - 4 Months
About the role
We have an urgent need for an experienced SAP Master Data Analyst to join UGL. Working in a team of 2, you will manage the entire master data of UGL including all divisions and numerous lines of business. You will be based out of our corporate head office in North Sydney.
The role plays an integral part within UGL’s control framework managing data implementation across areas such as material masters, vendor masters, customer masters, chart of accounts, cost collectors, reporting hierarchies and workflows. This includes:
Ensure the application of UGL’s control framework to all creation and maintenance requests relating to SAP master data
Manage vendors in Bureau Van Dijk (BVD) system to ensure the Third-Party Due Diligence of every vendor to assess Third Party Anti-Bribery, Corruption and Business Integrity
Maintain vendors in the Felix system – centralised management of insurance and compliance information
Provide expert assistance to stakeholders including the supply of advice on the impact of suggested changes. Includes concise feedback where requests are rejected and assistance/training where regular preventable issues are identified
Implement all correctly submitted change requests via online systems within agreed timeframes
About you
Substantial experience in a similar SAP Master Data Analyst position
High-level written and verbal communication skills
Methodical with a high attention to detail
What we offer
Diverse opportunities to grow, back yourself and achieve
Flexible working arrangements
Potential to extend beyond 4 months
About Us
UGL is a well-known and respected for providing end-to-end engineering, construction and maintenance services within; rail and transport, communications and technology systems, oil and gas, power, renewables and resources, water and defence markets. UGL partners with some of the world’s largest blue-chip companies and government agencies, private enterprises and public institutions. We are a member of the CIMIC Group of companies
At UGL, we value diversity – in the backgrounds, ideas, work styles and perspectives of our team. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and strongly encourage people with disability, Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people, mature aged workers and people from culturally diverse backgrounds to apply.
Please note that relevant screening checks will be conducted as part of the recruitment process. These may include a national criminal history check and for you to undergo pre-employment medical assessment including drug and alcohol screen.
Ref: 247826
Discipline: Systems Specialist
Primary Location: Australia-NSW-North Shore & Northern Beaches
Work Type: Casual"
52,52,"Do work that makes a difference
The Corporate Services Group is responsible for the effective provision of information technology, and data management services to support the delivery of the Bank’s operational and corporate objectives.
Your role
You will establish, standardise and centralise reporting using information from various sources, and automate where possible to support business decision making.
To be successful in this role you will:
Have advance knowledge of MS Excel and Power BI (DAX).
Demonstrate the ability to create dashboards from multiple sources with inconsistent data and automate it.
Maintain and develop processes, tools and technology solutions that enable effective and efficient data and information management.
Design and develop data analytics solutions and reporting to support the Bank's analysis.
Contribute to development and implementation of recommendations, guidelines, standards, policies, procedures or operations.
Effectively communicate and support business decision making.
Have a strong data mindset.
Why RBA?
The RBA pursues national economic policy objectives and undertakes a range of associated activities in financial markets and banking. It also issues Australia's banknotes and operates infrastructure critical to the payments system, all of which contributes to the welfare of the Australian people.
Our people have a critical role to play in achieving these objectives, whether directly or in a supporting capacity. As a values driven organisation, our people conduct themselves with a high degree of integrity, while striving for excellence in the work they perform and the outcomes they achieve. We encourage intelligent inquiry, we treat one another with respect, while promoting the public interest in our efforts.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace and encourage applications from experienced candidates seeking workplace flexibility.
Advertised12 May 2022"
53,53,"Johns Lyng Group
Full Time Employment
Sydney Office Location
Career Growth Opportunities
Johns Lyng Group has been established since 1953 and has a reputation for excellence. Underpinning the company’s success is our in-house Business Intelligence capability in which an opportunity now exists for a motivated and enthusiastic Junior Data and Reporting Analyst.

Based in our Sydney , the key focus of this role is to support the Disaster Recovery Team by providing a scheduled and ad hoc reporting capability to a broad range of business units.
This position will best suit an individual currently in a junior role looking to step up to a mid-level role and who is self-motivated, adaptable, flexible and willing to challenge, be challenged and continually learn. You will need to have excellent communication both written and verbal, strong attention to detail, along with problem solving, analytical and organisational skills to succeed in this position.
This is a fantastic chance to join a stable and secure company that values its people above all else. Opportunities for career progress will also be available.

Key Duties & Responsibilities:

Gather, extract & manipulate raw data from multiple databases
Transform data into reporting solutions & insights, enabling informed decision making to drive improved business performance across a broad range of business units
Liaise with executives, senior management and a wide variety of internal & external stakeholders
Contribute to business improvement projects & working groups
Analyse variations to targets & forecasts, highlighting implications & providing recommendations for improvement
Prepare & deliver reports to support contractual obligations & the performance of our business to internal & external customers
Key Selection Criteria:

Do you have proven examples of demonstrating drive and energy? Are you extremely motivated and can think outside the box? Do you want the opportunity to potentially work your way into a partnership? Being able to demonstrate and highlight examples of these are the key criteria for you to be successful in joining our existing talented and passionate team. The following selection criteria is also important, but we are happy to teach and mentor you along the way.

Previous experience in a similar role and/or relevant qualification
Experience performing data extracts against large data sets using SQL
Ability to create highly interactive dashboards using Power BI
Ability to create tabular reports using SSRS
Experience developing Python scripts to create special-purpose reports
Timely, accurate & insightful operational reporting & analytical support skills
Ability to adapt quickly & effectively to changes in departmental or strategic priorities
Please note: A criminal background check will make up part of the recruitment process."
54,54,"The opportunity
Reporting to the Digital Analytics and Insights Manager, you will produce ongoing end-to-end customer journey analysis by integrating data from the online and offline platforms. Insights will focus on Digital sales, service, and/or engagement and include (not limited to) recommendations towards optimisation & personalisation hypothesis, conversion improvement opportunities, reporting, dashboard development and ad hoc investigations. You will also be responsible for promoting self-service reporting, contributing towards setting the standard for data literacy across the digital team and support the leadership team in fostering a performance mindset across the team.
This is a Permanent Full-Time opportunity and can be based in any major Australian cities with flexible work from home options available.
How will I help?
Key accountabilities include:
Integration of digital and enterprise data to perform end-to-end customer journey analysis
Proactively assess website traffic and analyse online customer behaviour to provide insights and recommend actions for improvement in the user experience and website conversion.
Contribute to support optimisation & personalisation activities through ideation, actionable insights from data, hypotheses generation.
Create accessible self-service dashboards and actionable insights that are fact based, intuitive and re-usable.
Collaborate with other reporting and insights teams across Bupa to develop insights and share knowledge to support overall business performance.
Create compelling data visualizations for impactful presentation of insights, including metric creation/design
Actively contribute in the standardization of the digital data layer through solid understanding of key building blocks of data strategy, for example an understanding of the role of the data layer (re-use, standardisation) and how data is collected and stored
What’s in it for me?
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will partner with colleagues who are dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences. We respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.
Perk highlights:
Discount on our health insurance, travel, car, home, contents and pet insurance products as well as discounts when you attend a Bupa Dental clinic or purchase glasses from a Bupa Optical store.
A dedicated internal wellbeing team provides you with a range of services, such as a global resilience program, regular training opportunities on a range of wellbeing topics and access to a variety of wellbeing discounts.
An additional well-being day each year to treat yourself.
What do I need?
Demonstrated experience in using web analytics tools and testing tools such as Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics, Adobe Target, Optimisely is a mandatory pre-requisite (please highlight in your resume/cover letter your experience with these platforms)
Demonstrated experience using tag management system such as Tealium or Google Tag Manager
Experience in SQL, SAS, R or Python as a scripting language is advantageous.
Someone who can not only extract the data but can proactively provide insights and recommended actions for digital optimisation. In other words, you’re a great ‘story teller’.
As a natural communicator, you have the confidence to challenge your peers.
Use data to drive an optimisation program, supporting hypotheses put forward by stakeholders and successfully improving onsite conversion.
About Bupa Asia Pacific
Bupa is an international healthcare group which has been committed to a purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world for more than 70 years.
Bupa Asia Pacific operates in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong, supporting about 6.5 million customers through a broad range of health and care services including health insurance, aged care, dental, medical, optical and hearing services. Employing more than 20,000 people in the region, we believe that we can make a real difference to the lives of customers through our values, purpose and the way that we deliver personalised care.
Since 2002, we have reinvested approximately $6 billion in the region, with the Bupa Foundation investing more than $34 million to support 130+ health and care projects.
Our people reflect the diversity of our community. At Bupa, your wellbeing, identity and own story is respected and valued.
Time Type:
Full time"
0,0,"The opportunity
Reporting to the Digital Analytics and Insights Manager, you will produce ongoing end-to-end customer journey analysis by integrating data from the online and offline platforms. Insights will focus on Digital sales, service, and/or engagement and include (not limited to) recommendations towards optimisation & personalisation hypothesis, conversion improvement opportunities, reporting, dashboard development and ad hoc investigations. You will also be responsible for promoting self-service reporting, contributing towards setting the standard for data literacy across the digital team and support the leadership team in fostering a performance mindset across the team.
This is a Permanent Full-Time opportunity and can be based in any major Australian cities with flexible work from home options available.
How will I help?
Key accountabilities include:
Integration of digital and enterprise data to perform end-to-end customer journey analysis
Proactively assess website traffic and analyse online customer behaviour to provide insights and recommend actions for improvement in the user experience and website conversion.
Contribute to support optimisation & personalisation activities through ideation, actionable insights from data, hypotheses generation.
Create accessible self-service dashboards and actionable insights that are fact based, intuitive and re-usable.
Collaborate with other reporting and insights teams across Bupa to develop insights and share knowledge to support overall business performance.
Create compelling data visualizations for impactful presentation of insights, including metric creation/design
Actively contribute in the standardization of the digital data layer through solid understanding of key building blocks of data strategy, for example an understanding of the role of the data layer (re-use, standardisation) and how data is collected and stored
What’s in it for me?
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will partner with colleagues who are dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences. We respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.
Perk highlights:
Discount on our health insurance, travel, car, home, contents and pet insurance products as well as discounts when you attend a Bupa Dental clinic or purchase glasses from a Bupa Optical store.
A dedicated internal wellbeing team provides you with a range of services, such as a global resilience program, regular training opportunities on a range of wellbeing topics and access to a variety of wellbeing discounts.
An additional well-being day each year to treat yourself.
What do I need?
Demonstrated experience in using web analytics tools and testing tools such as Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics, Adobe Target, Optimisely is a mandatory pre-requisite (please highlight in your resume/cover letter your experience with these platforms)
Demonstrated experience using tag management system such as Tealium or Google Tag Manager
Experience in SQL, SAS, R or Python as a scripting language is advantageous.
Someone who can not only extract the data but can proactively provide insights and recommended actions for digital optimisation. In other words, you’re a great ‘story teller’.
As a natural communicator, you have the confidence to challenge your peers.
Use data to drive an optimisation program, supporting hypotheses put forward by stakeholders and successfully improving onsite conversion.
About Bupa Asia Pacific
Bupa is an international healthcare group which has been committed to a purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world for more than 70 years.
Bupa Asia Pacific operates in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong, supporting about 6.5 million customers through a broad range of health and care services including health insurance, aged care, dental, medical, optical and hearing services. Employing more than 20,000 people in the region, we believe that we can make a real difference to the lives of customers through our values, purpose and the way that we deliver personalised care.
Since 2002, we have reinvested approximately $6 billion in the region, with the Bupa Foundation investing more than $34 million to support 130+ health and care projects.
Our people reflect the diversity of our community. At Bupa, your wellbeing, identity and own story is respected and valued.
Time Type:
Full time"
1,1,"Welcome to Aginic, a consultancy where some of the country’s brightest data analysts, engineers, agile coaches, designers, and cloud architects blend their technical skills with a desire to deliver impactful insights that solve business problems

For more information about us visit https://aginic.com/our-people/

We are currently recruiting for Graduate level roles across all our locations to start in early 2023.

About the role:

If the below appeals to you, and you want to join our growing team, we would love to hear from you! Working in a cross-functional squad, as a Data Analyst at Aginic, you'll perform data modelling, analytics and visualisation for a range of clients, including state health departments, tech start-ups, and major retailers. You’ll work with stakeholders to understand what information they need to run their business, and develop dashboards or reports to make data accessible to them in a timely and intuitive way. Your day-to-day work will involve a range of different technologies. On one project, you may perform data modelling and ETL using SQL and SSIS, then develop dashboards for end users using Qlik or Tableau. On another project, you may build predictive models using R; improve scalability and performance through cloud technologies; or automate tasks and data flows using Microsoft Flow, PowerApps and PowerBI.
What you offer:
Ideally, you have a relevant degree in a numerical or technical discipline and proven experience in a data analytics role with some exposure to consulting. Existing data modelling (including SQL) & BI skills would be beneficial, but are not compulsory.
You're smart, innovative and driven by the pursuit of solving problems - people seek you out for your technical excellence.
You’re always looking for growth and learning opportunities. You’re hungry to absorb knowledge, skills and experience from people and the world around you.
You’re naturally curious and this drives you to research new concepts and deduce your way to knowledge. You’re a quick learner and you’re not afraid to just give something a go - you thrive in the unknown.
You critically reflect on your own processes and challenge assumptions about how things should be done, exploring solutions that others might not consider.
You're involved in a bunch of cool projects that you’re excited to talk about and show. You’re approachable, dependable, genuine and you care about getting to know people. Your strong communication skills allow you to build meaningful relationships quickly.
You like the start-up vibe of a workplace and are excited by the prospect of working in an energetic and growing team
What we offer!
3 bonus annual leave days (above the standard 20 days) + your birthday off!
Discretionary bonus scheme
Beneficiary of Ventures Leap Discretionary Trust
Paid parental leave + paid superannuation during government-funded parental leave
Flexible working options including a hybrid working from home model
Individual learning and development budget + time
Residential whole team trips (e.g. Hamilton Island, Port Douglas, Noosa)
Career development and progression programs, internal and external training
Use of Employee Assistance Program
Good peeps to work with and a fun environment
Our Values
Our Values We use our values to drive quality, by following these values we ensure that we can deliver quality in almost any situation.
Technical to the Top: Our people are first and foremost technicians of their trade. We value technical excellence and strive for elegance, innovation and simplicity in our solutions. We strive to learn constantly and adapt to the world around us. Adapt or die.
Output not input: We are a team of doers. We measure success on what is delivered. Our internal performance assessment focuses on what people do and not when or how they do it. We encourage our clients to value us based on the same principles.
Friendly: The Aginic brand is 8 years old and has consistently been associated with a team of highly capable, friendly and trusted people. Your team should be an extension of the wider national Aginic culture and brand.
Genuine: We treat all people, whether they are clients or colleagues, fairly and honestly. We respect and listen to others opinions and give everyone a fair go. We don’t try to gain unfair advantage over others or game the system. If you need help, just ask for it… and if you can help others, just jump in.
Chasing the unicorn: You will be joining our Agile Delivery Chapter and you’ll be supported by some of the most experienced Agile coaches in Australia to help continue your development.
Currently recruiting for Graduate level roles across all our locations to start in early 2023!

We’re committed to promoting diversity in the workplace and encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. Are you looking to join a high performing, smart and fun team? Apply now!"
2,2,"About us
At South East Water, we deliver healthy water for life. We’re here to help people live well and create a better and more sustainable future. We support healthy and liveable communities by delivering water, sewerage and recycled water services to 1.87 million people who rely on us every day and every night. Fresh thinking and collaboration are at the heart of our organisation. We are constantly learning, embracing the challenges of today and excited by the opportunities that tomorrow will bring.
About the role
South East Water is now seeking a fulltime, ongoing Data Governance Analyst.
Sitting within the Business Technology Services (BTS) branch of South East Water (SEW) and reporting to the Information & Analytics Team Leader, this exciting new role will work across a range of business, technology, and project stakeholders to progress the implementation of data governance framework, tools, and processes in a modern technology environment. This will be achieved through providing data management expertise to help effectively manage data for efficiency, compliance and protect the data of our customers. The role will also be an integral part of the SEW Data and Analytics Platform (SDAP) project and get exposure to tools and technologies being introduced to provide SEW’s advanced analytics environment.
About you
Armed with a Bachelor Degree in Information Technology or relevant equivalent, applicants will be proficient with MS Office productivity tools such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc. and MS Power BI and familiarity with Enterprise Information Architecture principles and data management techniques would be preferable.
The successful applicant will;
understand database technologies, in particular Azure, SQL Server and Oracle;
understand Data Governance principles and data information security practices;
possess experience with Atlassian JIRA and Confluence;
possess a track record in successful stakeholder management and business engagement; and
possess demonstrated experience working in an Agile project delivery model environment
This role operates at a Level 4 in the SFIA Level of Responsibility framework.
As an employer of authorised workers, we ultimately need for all of our employees to be able to freely and safely enter any of our workplaces and sites. It’s important for the safety of our people and our customers that our workforce is fully vaccinated.
Our culture
We’re committed to providing an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace that represents the community we serve. We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, members of the LGBTIQ+ community, people with disability and from culturally diverse backgrounds.
We believe great teams do great work. We are ambitious, we work hard and we back one another. We embrace diversity, we challenge ourselves and demand the best, because that’s what our colleagues, customers and communities deserve. We provide flexible opportunities to work, learn and grow, supporting, encouraging and inspiring you every day.
Position description
Click here to view a copy of the position description.
Level 4
Applications for the role of Data Governance Analyst must be submitted by no later than Sunday 29 May 2022.
Job Type: Full-time"
3,3,"The speed of change is throwing traditional business methods into question and disrupting the relevance of entire industries. Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services, is at the forefront of innovation and well placed to address opportunities for our clients in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organisations to realise their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company with over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2020 combined revenues of EUR 15.8 billion. Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com.

Let's talk about the team:
Our Applications Managed Services team help our clients create more value for. their business and improve efficiency through IT Systems. Our services are highly industrialized, underpinned by robust SLAs, based on industry-standard best practices, and delivered by a cost-effective mix of onshore, nearshore, and offshore resources. We're about more than 'keeping the lights on for. less' - we provide a commitment to continuous improvement and value generation.

Let's talk about the role and responsibilities:

Perform data quality analysis with specific IBM Data analysis tools like IBM Information Analyzer and IBM Governance Catalog
Develop data quality rules and analyse the environment and source of records
Understand the Logical Data Model and Physical Data Model
Perform unit tests, validate data flows, and prepare ETL processes according to business requirements
Contributing to end-to-end testing
Write training course materials and technical documentation on Data Management, Data Governance, Data Stewardship, Data Quality, and Sensitive Data Management
Let's talk about your capability and experience:

5-8 years demonstrated experience in a similar role
Experience with IBM InfoSphere DataStage
Proficient at Data quality issue identification and presenting at both technical and leadership level
Demonstrated experience in creating training guides
Understanding of Agile - Scrum methodology
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
University degree (IT, engineering background)
Let's talk about what's in it for you!
Passionate people are Capgemini's Ace of Spades - join us to discover a career that will challenge, support and inspire you. Working at Capgemini you'll find the rewards are more than just financial. You will work alongside some very smart and inspiring people on exciting projects and you will also enjoy incredible benefits. We offer flexible work practices and 40 hours of self-development every year with a huge selection of learning opportunities to choose from. Capgemini constantly aims for excellence in its operations and the employee experience it provides. In line with our Purpose, Flexible Working aims to improve the overall people experience by providing an optimal work-life balance, more autonomy and freedom in when, where and how we work.
As ""Architects of Positive Futures"", Capgemini actively supports the community in 3 ways:
Diversity and Inclusion - we believe diversity of thought fuels excellence and innovation, which is why we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of their gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, ability, intersex status or age. To support our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we celebrate or recognise special events and days of significance that are important to our employees such as Diwali, Bastille Day, Pride, IDAHOBIT, IWD and International day of people with Disabilities. Our Employee Resource Groups Women@Capgemini, OutFront, Indigenous, Parents and Carers and Sustainability Community of Practice support the grassroots passion of employees to drive our diversity agenda and effect change.
Digital inclusion - at Capgemini we are using our skills to drive social impact initiatives focusing on helping society address the impact of the digital and automation revolution. We also provide employees with opportunities to give back to the community through charity projects and volunteer days.
Environmental Sustainability - Capgemini joined the CDP's (Carbon Disclosure Project) prestigious ""A list"" for its commitment to the Net-Zero economy. As well as focusing on helping our clients transform towards more sustainable business models, Capgemini recently announced its commitment to becoming a netzero busines by 2030.
Recognised by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the last 9 years in a row, ethics and values are at the heart of Capgemini's corporate culture and business. Embedded in our DNA, our seven values - Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Team Spirit, Freedom, Fun and Modesty - have remained the same since company inception in 1967. To see how we bring these values to life, visit www.capgemini.com/au-en/careers/ and listen to some of our employee's stories.
#GetTheFutureYouWant - Come join us, bring your whole self to work, create new possibilities for you, your customers and your community and help us to be Architects of Positive Futures.

Please note unsolicited resumes from employment agencies or other third parties will not be considered.
#LI-TK1"
4,4,"Canva’s Commitment and Mission
At Canva, we celebrate diversity. We deeply believe that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key to building the best product, team and company. We look for many different skills and abilities, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. So, even if you don’t think you quite meet all of the skills listed or tick all the boxes, we’d still love to hear from you!
Our mission at Canva is to empower the world to design and since launching in 2013, we have grown exponentially, amassing over 75 million monthly active users across 190 different countries and a team of over 2,800 people… and the best bit is that we’ve only achieved 1% of what we know we’re capable of.
Join us and design your future.
Since Canva’s founding, our template library has been a critical and fundamental driver of our success. Fundamental to making design accessible to the world is giving people everywhere a springboard with which to create designs from. Templates are that springboard.
Templates provide inspiration to users, help them visualise what's possible and provide an approachable starting point for our users to get creative. In fact, templates are the way the majority of our users create designs so the templates teams are helping millions of people each week.
Historically, Canva’s templates have been designed by a talented team of internal graphic designers. But last year we launched Canva Creators, a platform that allows anyone to publish their templates and earn money every time they’re used. We believe Canva Creators has the potential to take Canva to the next level of scale, and we want you to be central to that growth.
In this role, you'll collaborate with our founders, Product, Finance, Strategy, Engineering and Researchers to shape the Creators Monetisation strategy.
Initially, this role will be a half of a 1-2 combination we are setting up between the Monetisation Product Manager and this role, the Data and monetisation insights Lead. Together, you will drive the strategy, modelling, shaping, testing and development of Canva Creator’s monetisation approach across templates and elements. This is an amazing opportunity to lead and grow the strategies around monetisation for Creators in an environment that rewards strategic thinking, initiative, creativity, and independence.
This role is about so much more than just “Money, money, money” - our Creators have shared stories about how becoming a Creator enabled them to gain their financial independence and make empowering decisions to put their health and happiness first, buy a new home for their family, leave a job where they were unhappy - see some of the comments below! We are building pathways to better lives for people all over the world and this role is a critical thought-leader and decision-maker as part of that.
Role Responsibilities
Forecast and model product and monetization scenarios to test likely impact of changes
Be the voice of data for the Creators team - input what data should and shouldn’t be shared and help to apply a strategic lens for how data is used across the product (including in communications outside of the product)
Analyse the feedback on the current monetisation model for Creators
Use quantitative data to inform team on who benefits from specific models and changes, and analyse how closely this aligns with Canva’s goals; and being the voice for those who are not benefiting or who are experiencing diminishing returns
Test the model with creators; work with Product to define how this should be positioned internally and externally
Present your recommendations to the team and leadership; taking ownership and recognition of your work
Continue to regularly monitor our royalty system, including analyse movements and abnormalities, and ensuring that they align continue to with Canva’s strategic direction while working with Product and Finance to make adjustments
Work with the team on researching the competitive landscape, including ensuring how we can present the most appealing opportunity for Canva Creators
Improve the lives and livelihoods of thousands of Creators (and growing!) while creating business value for Canva, on our mission to empower the world to design.
Experience You'll Need
Strong competency with SQL; experience with data warehouses such as Snowflake, Redshift, or BigQuery is a plus!
Experience wrangling and analysing data using Python or R
Extensive experience communicating with senior stakeholders
A track-record of tackling complex problems and delivering simple, elegant solutions. You hold a high-bar for elegant, strategic and scalable financial solutions
Experience with very large data sets is a huge plus, but not required
Deep understanding of how to uncover user needs through research and user empathy
Moderate execution experience so that you understand some of the intricacies of delivery
A strong sense of ethics - understanding that the decisions we make at Canva impact millions of lives, everyday
You enjoy a little flexibility in your work. Our growth means there are constantly new things to work on every day, as such it’s likely that you’ll often be working across the board on new and exciting projects.
Company Benefits
Competitive salary, plus equity options
Flexible working hours, we value work-life balance
In-house chefs that cook delicious breakfast and lunch for us each day
Free Yoga membership
Generous parental leave policy
Pet friendly offices including a garden, climbing wall, unisex toilets
Sponsored social clubs and team events
Fun and quirky celebrations
Relocation budget provided for interstate or overseas candidates
One of our core values at Canva, “Being a force for good” means we are actively working towards a world that isn't just good for a small few, but one that’s good for everyone. We believe deeply that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key for building the best product for our equally diverse community. To achieve this, we need to constantly work towards making Canva the best place to work, for everyone.
If you're a passionate data analyst seeking a truly challenging opportunity with one of the world's premier technology companies, then apply now to start the discussion with us!
We will not accept or review any CVs from external recruitment agencies.
Working at Canva
Our culture is unlike anywhere else and we design your #CanvaLife experience to empower you to do the best work of your life.
Whether you’re in the office, working from home or choosing your own adventure, our benefits for permanent Canvanauts include:
Equity packages for you to truly be a part of the Canva journey.
We have a hybrid work model (in-office & from home), so while our offices are always open to you, we aim to come together for 8 days a year at minimum - balancing flexibility and connection
Flexible leave so you can recharge, give back, support others or focus on your own professional development.
Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents and carers throughout their parenting and caring journey.
An annual Vibe & Thrive allowance. This is for you to spend on whatever will support your wellbeing and development.. because you know what you need to Vibe and Thrive, better than anyone.
Virtual and in-office wellness benefits including Canva University, Employee Assistant Programs and Fitness & Meditation Classes.
Canva For Good program matching your not-for-profit donations, Force for Good leave (3 paid volunteering days) and a range of sustainability and ethical initiatives to get involved in.
We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion. Please note that interviews are conducted virtually. When you apply, please tell us the pronouns you use and any reasonable adjustments you may need during the interview process.
Apply Now"
5,5,"If you’re considering a tree change, Western New South Wales provides one of the best Australia has to offer!

To be considered for interview, candidates must address the Selection Criteria in the Position Description.


Employment Type: Permanent Part Time
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 2
Remuneration: $50.52 - $59.88 ph plus super
Hours per week: 32
Location: Negotiable within Western NSW Local Health District

Data Analyst
Health Intelligence Unit



About the role:
The Data Analyst provides analysis and interpretation of data and advises on its applicability to improving organisational performance and patient outcomes and is responsible for the development of reports, including data collation, quality assurance processes, data submission and related stakeholder education.

This is a targeted position in accordance with GSE Rule 26: Employment of eligible persons. Whereby Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply and, where found suitable, will be given higher priority under affirmative action in order to improve access to employment and career opportunities. In the event there are no suitable Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander applicants, then applications from non-Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander applicants will be considered.

Where you’ll be working:
Health Intelligence Unit- Planning, Performance & Funding Directorate, a part of the Western NSW Local Health District. For more information on living and working in our beautiful region, visit our website Western NSW Health Careers.

The Western NSW Health Intelligence Unit (HIU) is an established shared resource for health partners in the western NSW region, as defined by the Primary Health Network boundaries, and including both the Western and Far West NSW Local Health District regions.

The HIU provides a central hub of expertise to coordinate and provide analysis of data and interpretation of information to inform clinical / operational decision making and support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation in Western NSW.

We are committed to providing our partners with a set of core Services to facilitate the delivery of a truly integrated system of care.
These include:
Analytics and Reporting Products and Services;
Advisory and Planning Services; and
Business Enabling Products and Services.



The key objective of the HIU is to provide analytic, research and evaluation services that will support the capability of healthcare organisations and providers across the region to interpret and use data and information to achieve their organisational outcomes as well as support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation.



About us:
WNSWLHD is the largest employer in the region, with over 7,700 dedicated staff working across 3 major rural referral hospitals, 50 community health centres, numerous corporate and executive offices and 38 inpatient facilities – which include 25 multipurpose services and 4 district health services.
Watch our video to see what it is like working with Western NSW Local Heath District.
Some of the benefits of working with us include:
Genuine support in an inclusive, compassionate and caring team environment.
Interesting and challenging work that will bring your purpose to life, broaden your scope and fast track your career.
Greater autonomy and responsibility to reach your full potential.
Opportunities to make an impact and shape the future of rural health through involvement in projects, innovations and research.
Opportunities for learning and development, including access to a mentoring program and in-house training with our Organisational Development Unit and eLearning system.
Access to Fitness Passport and free and confidential counselling services.


How to apply:
Candidates must read the Position Description and address the Selection Criteria for the role, providing examples where required. You must also upload a copy of your current CV as part of your application. For assistance, see our Guide to Employment with WNSWLHD. For further information on the remuneration and conditions, visit NSW Public Health System Awards.

Candidates should note we are unable to sponsor working visas for this position.

Applications will close 25 May 2022 – 11:59pm.

For role related enquiries, please reach out to Sarah Sloane on 0418 209 257 and sarah.sloane@health.nsw.gov.au

COVID-19 Response
All NSW Health workers are required to have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by 30 September 2021 and two doses by 30 November 2021 or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to provide a record of your COVID-19 vaccination status if successful for this role.

Talent Pool
If we identify a surplus of suitable candidates for this role, you may also be invited to an eligibility list where you could be offered an alternative position per the relevant Award."
6,6,"About us
At South East Water, we deliver healthy water for life. We’re here to help people live well and create a better and more sustainable future. We support healthy and liveable communities by delivering water, sewerage and recycled water services to 1.87 million people who rely on us every day and every night. Fresh thinking and collaboration are at the heart of our organisation. We are constantly learning, embracing the challenges of today and excited by the opportunities that tomorrow will bring.
About the role
South East Water is now seeking a fulltime, ongoing Data Governance Analyst.
Sitting within the Business Technology Services (BTS) branch of South East Water (SEW) and reporting to the Information & Analytics Team Leader, this exciting new role will work across a range of business, technology, and project stakeholders to progress the implementation of data governance framework, tools, and processes in a modern technology environment. This will be achieved through providing data management expertise to help effectively manage data for efficiency, compliance and protect the data of our customers. The role will also be an integral part of the SEW Data and Analytics Platform (SDAP) project and get exposure to tools and technologies being introduced to provide SEW’s advanced analytics environment.
About you
Armed with a Bachelor Degree in Information Technology or relevant equivalent, applicants will be proficient with MS Office productivity tools such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc. and MS Power BI and familiarity with Enterprise Information Architecture principles and data management techniques would be preferable.
The successful applicant will;
understand database technologies, in particular Azure, SQL Server and Oracle;
understand Data Governance principles and data information security practices;
possess experience with Atlassian JIRA and Confluence;
possess a track record in successful stakeholder management and business engagement; and
possess demonstrated experience working in an Agile project delivery model environment
This role operates at a Level 4 in the SFIA Level of Responsibility framework.
As an employer of authorised workers, we ultimately need for all of our employees to be able to freely and safely enter any of our workplaces and sites. It’s important for the safety of our people and our customers that our workforce is fully vaccinated.
Our culture
We’re committed to providing an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace that represents the community we serve. We strongly encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, members of the LGBTIQ+ community, people with disability and from culturally diverse backgrounds.
We believe great teams do great work. We are ambitious, we work hard and we back one another. We embrace diversity, we challenge ourselves and demand the best, because that’s what our colleagues, customers and communities deserve. We provide flexible opportunities to work, learn and grow, supporting, encouraging and inspiring you every day.
Position description
Click here to view a copy of the position description.
Level 4
Applications for the role of Data Governance Analyst must be submitted by no later than Sunday 29 May 2022.
Job Type: Full-time"
7,7,"The speed of change is throwing traditional business methods into question and disrupting the relevance of entire industries. Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services, is at the forefront of innovation and well placed to address opportunities for our clients in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organisations to realise their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company with over 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2020 combined revenues of EUR 15.8 billion. Learn more about us at www.capgemini.com.

Let's talk about the team:
Our Applications Managed Services team help our clients create more value for. their business and improve efficiency through IT Systems. Our services are highly industrialized, underpinned by robust SLAs, based on industry-standard best practices, and delivered by a cost-effective mix of onshore, nearshore, and offshore resources. We're about more than 'keeping the lights on for. less' - we provide a commitment to continuous improvement and value generation.

Let's talk about the role and responsibilities:

Perform data quality analysis with specific IBM Data analysis tools like IBM Information Analyzer and IBM Governance Catalog
Develop data quality rules and analyse the environment and source of records
Understand the Logical Data Model and Physical Data Model
Perform unit tests, validate data flows, and prepare ETL processes according to business requirements
Contributing to end-to-end testing
Write training course materials and technical documentation on Data Management, Data Governance, Data Stewardship, Data Quality, and Sensitive Data Management
Let's talk about your capability and experience:

5-8 years demonstrated experience in a similar role
Experience with IBM InfoSphere DataStage
Proficient at Data quality issue identification and presenting at both technical and leadership level
Demonstrated experience in creating training guides
Understanding of Agile - Scrum methodology
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
University degree (IT, engineering background)
Let's talk about what's in it for you!
Passionate people are Capgemini's Ace of Spades - join us to discover a career that will challenge, support and inspire you. Working at Capgemini you'll find the rewards are more than just financial. You will work alongside some very smart and inspiring people on exciting projects and you will also enjoy incredible benefits. We offer flexible work practices and 40 hours of self-development every year with a huge selection of learning opportunities to choose from. Capgemini constantly aims for excellence in its operations and the employee experience it provides. In line with our Purpose, Flexible Working aims to improve the overall people experience by providing an optimal work-life balance, more autonomy and freedom in when, where and how we work.
As ""Architects of Positive Futures"", Capgemini actively supports the community in 3 ways:
Diversity and Inclusion - we believe diversity of thought fuels excellence and innovation, which is why we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of their gender identity, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, ability, intersex status or age. To support our commitment to diversity and inclusion, we celebrate or recognise special events and days of significance that are important to our employees such as Diwali, Bastille Day, Pride, IDAHOBIT, IWD and International day of people with Disabilities. Our Employee Resource Groups Women@Capgemini, OutFront, Indigenous, Parents and Carers and Sustainability Community of Practice support the grassroots passion of employees to drive our diversity agenda and effect change.
Digital inclusion - at Capgemini we are using our skills to drive social impact initiatives focusing on helping society address the impact of the digital and automation revolution. We also provide employees with opportunities to give back to the community through charity projects and volunteer days.
Environmental Sustainability - Capgemini joined the CDP's (Carbon Disclosure Project) prestigious ""A list"" for its commitment to the Net-Zero economy. As well as focusing on helping our clients transform towards more sustainable business models, Capgemini recently announced its commitment to becoming a netzero busines by 2030.
Recognised by Ethisphere as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies for the last 9 years in a row, ethics and values are at the heart of Capgemini's corporate culture and business. Embedded in our DNA, our seven values - Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Team Spirit, Freedom, Fun and Modesty - have remained the same since company inception in 1967. To see how we bring these values to life, visit www.capgemini.com/au-en/careers/ and listen to some of our employee's stories.
#GetTheFutureYouWant - Come join us, bring your whole self to work, create new possibilities for you, your customers and your community and help us to be Architects of Positive Futures.

Please note unsolicited resumes from employment agencies or other third parties will not be considered.
#LI-TK1"
8,8,"Canva’s Commitment and Mission
At Canva, we celebrate diversity. We deeply believe that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key to building the best product, team and company. We look for many different skills and abilities, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. So, even if you don’t think you quite meet all of the skills listed or tick all the boxes, we’d still love to hear from you!
Our mission at Canva is to empower the world to design and since launching in 2013, we have grown exponentially, amassing over 75 million monthly active users across 190 different countries and a team of over 2,800 people… and the best bit is that we’ve only achieved 1% of what we know we’re capable of.
Join us and design your future.
Since Canva’s founding, our template library has been a critical and fundamental driver of our success. Fundamental to making design accessible to the world is giving people everywhere a springboard with which to create designs from. Templates are that springboard.
Templates provide inspiration to users, help them visualise what's possible and provide an approachable starting point for our users to get creative. In fact, templates are the way the majority of our users create designs so the templates teams are helping millions of people each week.
Historically, Canva’s templates have been designed by a talented team of internal graphic designers. But last year we launched Canva Creators, a platform that allows anyone to publish their templates and earn money every time they’re used. We believe Canva Creators has the potential to take Canva to the next level of scale, and we want you to be central to that growth.
In this role, you'll collaborate with our founders, Product, Finance, Strategy, Engineering and Researchers to shape the Creators Monetisation strategy.
Initially, this role will be a half of a 1-2 combination we are setting up between the Monetisation Product Manager and this role, the Data and monetisation insights Lead. Together, you will drive the strategy, modelling, shaping, testing and development of Canva Creator’s monetisation approach across templates and elements. This is an amazing opportunity to lead and grow the strategies around monetisation for Creators in an environment that rewards strategic thinking, initiative, creativity, and independence.
This role is about so much more than just “Money, money, money” - our Creators have shared stories about how becoming a Creator enabled them to gain their financial independence and make empowering decisions to put their health and happiness first, buy a new home for their family, leave a job where they were unhappy - see some of the comments below! We are building pathways to better lives for people all over the world and this role is a critical thought-leader and decision-maker as part of that.
Role Responsibilities
Forecast and model product and monetization scenarios to test likely impact of changes
Be the voice of data for the Creators team - input what data should and shouldn’t be shared and help to apply a strategic lens for how data is used across the product (including in communications outside of the product)
Analyse the feedback on the current monetisation model for Creators
Use quantitative data to inform team on who benefits from specific models and changes, and analyse how closely this aligns with Canva’s goals; and being the voice for those who are not benefiting or who are experiencing diminishing returns
Test the model with creators; work with Product to define how this should be positioned internally and externally
Present your recommendations to the team and leadership; taking ownership and recognition of your work
Continue to regularly monitor our royalty system, including analyse movements and abnormalities, and ensuring that they align continue to with Canva’s strategic direction while working with Product and Finance to make adjustments
Work with the team on researching the competitive landscape, including ensuring how we can present the most appealing opportunity for Canva Creators
Improve the lives and livelihoods of thousands of Creators (and growing!) while creating business value for Canva, on our mission to empower the world to design.
Experience You'll Need
Strong competency with SQL; experience with data warehouses such as Snowflake, Redshift, or BigQuery is a plus!
Experience wrangling and analysing data using Python or R
Extensive experience communicating with senior stakeholders
A track-record of tackling complex problems and delivering simple, elegant solutions. You hold a high-bar for elegant, strategic and scalable financial solutions
Experience with very large data sets is a huge plus, but not required
Deep understanding of how to uncover user needs through research and user empathy
Moderate execution experience so that you understand some of the intricacies of delivery
A strong sense of ethics - understanding that the decisions we make at Canva impact millions of lives, everyday
You enjoy a little flexibility in your work. Our growth means there are constantly new things to work on every day, as such it’s likely that you’ll often be working across the board on new and exciting projects.
Company Benefits
Competitive salary, plus equity options
Flexible working hours, we value work-life balance
In-house chefs that cook delicious breakfast and lunch for us each day
Free Yoga membership
Generous parental leave policy
Pet friendly offices including a garden, climbing wall, unisex toilets
Sponsored social clubs and team events
Fun and quirky celebrations
Relocation budget provided for interstate or overseas candidates
One of our core values at Canva, “Being a force for good” means we are actively working towards a world that isn't just good for a small few, but one that’s good for everyone. We believe deeply that bringing together diversity of thoughts, perspectives and expression is key for building the best product for our equally diverse community. To achieve this, we need to constantly work towards making Canva the best place to work, for everyone.
If you're a passionate data analyst seeking a truly challenging opportunity with one of the world's premier technology companies, then apply now to start the discussion with us!
We will not accept or review any CVs from external recruitment agencies.
Working at Canva
Our culture is unlike anywhere else and we design your #CanvaLife experience to empower you to do the best work of your life.
Whether you’re in the office, working from home or choosing your own adventure, our benefits for permanent Canvanauts include:
Equity packages for you to truly be a part of the Canva journey.
We have a hybrid work model (in-office & from home), so while our offices are always open to you, we aim to come together for 8 days a year at minimum - balancing flexibility and connection
Flexible leave so you can recharge, give back, support others or focus on your own professional development.
Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents and carers throughout their parenting and caring journey.
An annual Vibe & Thrive allowance. This is for you to spend on whatever will support your wellbeing and development.. because you know what you need to Vibe and Thrive, better than anyone.
Virtual and in-office wellness benefits including Canva University, Employee Assistant Programs and Fitness & Meditation Classes.
Canva For Good program matching your not-for-profit donations, Force for Good leave (3 paid volunteering days) and a range of sustainability and ethical initiatives to get involved in.
We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion. Please note that interviews are conducted virtually. When you apply, please tell us the pronouns you use and any reasonable adjustments you may need during the interview process.
Apply Now"
9,9,"If you’re considering a tree change, Western New South Wales provides one of the best Australia has to offer!

To be considered for interview, candidates must address the Selection Criteria in the Position Description.


Employment Type: Permanent Part Time
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 2
Remuneration: $50.52 - $59.88 ph plus super
Hours per week: 32
Location: Negotiable within Western NSW Local Health District

Data Analyst
Health Intelligence Unit



About the role:
The Data Analyst provides analysis and interpretation of data and advises on its applicability to improving organisational performance and patient outcomes and is responsible for the development of reports, including data collation, quality assurance processes, data submission and related stakeholder education.

This is a targeted position in accordance with GSE Rule 26: Employment of eligible persons. Whereby Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply and, where found suitable, will be given higher priority under affirmative action in order to improve access to employment and career opportunities. In the event there are no suitable Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander applicants, then applications from non-Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander applicants will be considered.

Where you’ll be working:
Health Intelligence Unit- Planning, Performance & Funding Directorate, a part of the Western NSW Local Health District. For more information on living and working in our beautiful region, visit our website Western NSW Health Careers.

The Western NSW Health Intelligence Unit (HIU) is an established shared resource for health partners in the western NSW region, as defined by the Primary Health Network boundaries, and including both the Western and Far West NSW Local Health District regions.

The HIU provides a central hub of expertise to coordinate and provide analysis of data and interpretation of information to inform clinical / operational decision making and support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation in Western NSW.

We are committed to providing our partners with a set of core Services to facilitate the delivery of a truly integrated system of care.
These include:
Analytics and Reporting Products and Services;
Advisory and Planning Services; and
Business Enabling Products and Services.



The key objective of the HIU is to provide analytic, research and evaluation services that will support the capability of healthcare organisations and providers across the region to interpret and use data and information to achieve their organisational outcomes as well as support a collaborative approach to health and social care planning, delivery and evaluation.



About us:
WNSWLHD is the largest employer in the region, with over 7,700 dedicated staff working across 3 major rural referral hospitals, 50 community health centres, numerous corporate and executive offices and 38 inpatient facilities – which include 25 multipurpose services and 4 district health services.
Watch our video to see what it is like working with Western NSW Local Heath District.
Some of the benefits of working with us include:
Genuine support in an inclusive, compassionate and caring team environment.
Interesting and challenging work that will bring your purpose to life, broaden your scope and fast track your career.
Greater autonomy and responsibility to reach your full potential.
Opportunities to make an impact and shape the future of rural health through involvement in projects, innovations and research.
Opportunities for learning and development, including access to a mentoring program and in-house training with our Organisational Development Unit and eLearning system.
Access to Fitness Passport and free and confidential counselling services.


How to apply:
Candidates must read the Position Description and address the Selection Criteria for the role, providing examples where required. You must also upload a copy of your current CV as part of your application. For assistance, see our Guide to Employment with WNSWLHD. For further information on the remuneration and conditions, visit NSW Public Health System Awards.

Candidates should note we are unable to sponsor working visas for this position.

Applications will close 25 May 2022 – 11:59pm.

For role related enquiries, please reach out to Sarah Sloane on 0418 209 257 and sarah.sloane@health.nsw.gov.au

COVID-19 Response
All NSW Health workers are required to have received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by 30 September 2021 and two doses by 30 November 2021 or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to provide a record of your COVID-19 vaccination status if successful for this role.

Talent Pool
If we identify a surplus of suitable candidates for this role, you may also be invited to an eligibility list where you could be offered an alternative position per the relevant Award."
10,10,"Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year
Location: Office location will be determined dependant on the right applicant, as we have offices based in Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth and Brisbane.
We are looking for a BA who has demonstrated experience in business and data analysis alongside project delivery. You’ll be confident working across functional teams and will be able to join our team on a Full-time basis within one of our agencies.
As a Business Analyst, you are responsible for leading the written recommendations and documentation required throughout the project lifecycle working closely with Clients and our Project Management Office, Technical Development, Design and User Experience teams.
Who are we looking for?
2 years agency experience
High attention to detail
Confidence in presenting to wide range of Stakeholders.
Ability to think analytically and solve data problems
Understand various concepts and terminologies, including highly technical content, and express them in a clear and concise manner
Excellent analytical and research skills with the ability to collect and analyse complex material and data, and present it in accessible and clear/simple formats
A person who can grow in to a more senior role in 18 months
You’ll need to be:
Passionate, energetic & proactive
Strong in organisational skills with ability to prioritise workload and multitask
A team player
Personable – with the ability to build and maintain strong relationships with clients
Highly motivated
Someone with strong written & verbal communication skills
Someone who has a “can do” attitude
WPP AUNZ is the leading marketing communications services group in Australia and New Zealand. No other group comes close to our scale and breadth of capability, comprising of 5,500 people working across more than 80 companies in over 170 offices. We know that the most powerful role we can play is to bring together the best knowledge, thinking and talent to meet our clients’ challenges with bigger, better and smarter ideas – we call this way of working ‘ Connected Know-How’.
Please apply using the link below. Only successful applicants will be contacted for an interview.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $60,000.00 – $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
11,11,"For an internship position, our client is searching for a GIS analyst.
The Company
An innovative large business
About the Role
We have an opportunity for a Spatial Analyst internship position to join the GIS team at an innovative company. The role will be around 20 hours a week, but the client is flexible with hours for the right individual.
Your key responsibilities
Develop geospatial data analytics to project teams and stakeholders
Produce information and insights from geodatabases
Communicate task performance and any matters to stakeholders in a timely manner.
Geodatabase administration and development.
Produce and visualise complex datasets to categorise trends and patterns
What you'll need for this role:
Someone in their penultimate or last year who is pursuing a spatial sciences/geology/geography degree or equivalent qualification.
Experience with ArcGIS Pro and/or ArcMap and other related technologies such as QGIS.
Experience in the automation of geospatial software and data processing using with scripting languages, such as Python.
Excellent communication skills. You have excellent writing and oral communication skills. You can explain concepts successfully to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Experience in statistical analysis of data from sources such as the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS).
Job Types: Casual, Internship
Salary: $30.00 – $40.00 per hour
Benefits:
Employee mentoring program
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
12,12,"Business / Data Analyst
Location: Canberra
Fujitsu is a diverse global organization with over 120,000 employees, offering a full range of technology products, solutions, and services to customers in more than 180 countries. We know that using our experience and the power of ICT to shape the future of society with our customers can only be achieved through a flexible and respectful approach to work. Our purpose is to make the world more sustainable by building trust in society through innovation. This is the core of the Fujitsu Way!
Work with a giant in technology:
One of Fujitsu’s large federal government client team based in Canberra is seeking a Business / Data Analyst to assist with tracking and analyzing daily service level performance. As part of the role, you will be responsible for establishing performance trends and facilitating the right data for operational improvements to meet the required service level agreement.
You will be involved in planning, implementation, control, review and audit of service provision, to meet customer business requirements.
Building your own path to success:
To take the next step in your next career opportunity we are seeking candidates with experience in:
Previous experience in business analysis with strong focus on data.
High attention to detail
Flexible and collaborative approach
Strong data analysis OR reporting skills
Strong communication skills with the ability to engage with stakeholders at all levels.
Experience in Power BI and Argus highly desirable.
Previous experience working with Defence is advantageous.
Come Share our Vision:
We aim to create an employee experience that embraces diversity, inclusion and belonging. We’re focused on flexible work options and a range of rewarding benefits. If you want to work in the way that suits you and our customer’s best, come and find your future at Fujitsu.
Work your own way: https://www.fujitsu.com/au/about/careers/own-way/index.html
Achieve together: https://www.fujitsu.com/au/about/careers/achieve-together/index.html
Fujitsu: Empowering human difference
PLEASE NOTE: Due to the inherent requirements of the role, candidates must be Australian Citizens and hold a minimum NV1 Australian Federal Government Security Clearance. The role will or will likely involve access to controlled technology, must satisfy additional restrictions and requirements as a consequence of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and the Export Administration Regulations. As a consequence of these restrictions and requirements, applicants may be adversely impacted if they are not Australian citizens, are dual nationals, hold citizenship from proscribed countries or are not of Australian national origin. Please refer to Discrimination (Fujitsu Australia Limited) Exemption 2017 (No 1) Notifiable instrument NI2020-672 (ACT).
Fujitsu complies with government legislation in various jurisdictions which in certain circumstances may impose a requirement that certain workers be vaccinated against COVID-19 (or otherwise have a valid exemption). Also, for client facing roles, many of our customers require our staff to be vaccinated to attend their workplaces. Based on Fujitsu’s assessment of workplace risk and the safety and wellbeing of our people and consultation with our staff, Fujitsu has introduced a Vaccination Requirements policy which requires all persons entering a Fujitsu workplace, attending a Fujitsu work-related event, or entering other premises to undertake work on Fujitsu’s behalf to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or the subject of an appropriate exemption (and to provide evidence of the same). Consequently, as a result of Fujitsu’s policy, and, where applicable, customer and legislated vaccination requirements, Fujitsu requires all new employees to be fully vaccinated or have an authorized exemption approved by Fujitsu’s Crisis management Team (CMT). Recruits will be required to provide evidence of their vaccination status as part of the recruitment process."
13,13,"WORKFORCE DATA ANALYST


This opportunity offers:
Ongoing employment
Full Time role & 35 hour working week
Attractive annual salary $88,672 – $97,841 p.a. plus 10% superannuation
Location: Headquarters, Sydney Olympic Park (hybrid working arrangements)
Ongoing professional development
Close to public transport and parking


This is an exciting opportunity to join a new team focused on the delivery of workforce planning and strategic programs, and developing the capability of our Service to better service the community into the future, in the position of Workforce Data Analyst.
The Workforce Data Analyst plays a key role in the management and development of workforce data, reporting and analytics supporting an evidence based approach to workforce strategy. The successful candidate will partner with key stakeholders to ensure accuracy of establishment and organisational structure data, respond to reporting and analytics needs across the organisation and contribute to workforce planning and strategy development through the use of data analysis.
As our ideal candidate, you will have experience in:
Workforce data management including establishment and organisational structures
Development and reporting of workforce metrics
Analysis of workforce data and familiarity with workforce planning practices
Communication and visualisation of workforce data
Experience using apps including Excel and PowerBI to analyse and present data
Experience using SAP or similar systems


If you are interested in finding out more about this opportunity, please access the role description.


Looking for more information?
Why not reach out to our role expert Rachel Saliba for a confidential chat on (02) 8741 5216.


If you’re interested in joining the NSW RFS:
You will need to submit your application via I Work for NSW, including
A cover letter addressing the essential requirements of the role, outlining your suitability and why you are interested in the opportunity
A resume which includes two current referees
Response to the targeted question below:
Provide an example of when you have used workforce data analysis to respond to a question or need (Maximum 300 words)





Please submit your application no later than 11:59pm Wednesday 25 May 2022.


Recruitment Information
The NSW RFS considers COVID-19 vaccination mandatory for staff members. You will be required to provide satisfactory evidence that you are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 prior to commencement with the NSW RFS. Medical Exemptions are only available if you are unable to be vaccinated due to medical contraindications. All applications for a medical exemption will be managed in accordance with the NSW RFS COVID vaccination policy.
We value a diverse and inclusive workplace and actively promote the employment of women, people with a disability, Aboriginal people, LGBTQI+ and people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds.
The recruitment process may involve a range of assessment activities to determine your capabilities for the role (aligning to the NSW PSC Capability Framework). Additional checks for successful applicants will include referee checks and criminal history checks.
A recruitment (talent) pool may be created through this recruitment process.



Learn more about how NSW RFS members support communities across NSW below:


Vacancy Reference: R22/135"
14,14,"Service Delivery, various teams
Various locations in ACT, NSW, QLD, SA & VIC
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $110,473 - $120,439 + 15.4% super
We are seeking skilled leaders to join our Service Delivery group.

As a Business Analyst, in our Australian Business Registry Services, Lodge and Pay, and Strategy and Support business areas, you’ll lead and actively engage others in the research and critical analysis of data or information from varied sources. You’ll leverage the intelligence to effectively drive the development of strategies and solutions to deliver corporate objectives.

You will utilise your technical expertise to examine data and link findings to identified issues. You’ll translate and communicate complex information into tailored recommendations and provide specialised advice.

You will lead and mentor a team, building analytical capability and empowering staff to achieve technical excellence. You’ll collaborate with stakeholders and business partners and influence positive outcomes to meet business needs.

You will have a future-focused mindset and drive the design and development of new approaches that align with strategic objectives.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Adelaide, Brisbane CBD, Canberra, Melbourne CBD, Newcastle, Parramatta, Penrith, Traralgon, or Upper Mount Gravatt."
15,15,"GoTech Solutions (GoSol) is an established business in IT Consulting and Staffing solutions. We are seeking multiple full time / contract Developer Programmers to be based in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne for our clients. Candidates are required to have experience in development and testing, and the ability to manage various teams including technical and functional offshore consulting teams for smooth implementation of changes and roll-outs.
These roles are for multiple projects running concurrently in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne. Salary offered will be proportionate to the skills and experience of the candidate and city.
Must have
Key Responsibilities
Prior strong data analysis experience
Advanced knowledge of SQL and understanding of system data flows
Strong DWH, ETL & BI experience
Strong problem solving and quantitative analysis skills
Ability to translate analysis outcomes into commercial solutions.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Salary Expectation
Notice Period
Visa Status/ Working Rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Data analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
16,16,"Job Details
About the company
illion is the leading independent provider of trusted data and analytics products and services in Australia and New Zealand. illion is headquartered in Melbourne with offices in all major metropolitan cities across Australia and New Zealand. Our team work with leading brands in our region to bring data & analytics to life.
About the role / Business Unit
Our Bureau Operations team are the first point of contact to consumers and our customers, supporting them at a day to day operational level with anything related to our data in the Bureau. The team manage incoming queries related to the data in our bureau, working closely with internal stakeholders to meet customer requirements
Duties
To manage, monitor and analyse all data load processes on illion's CCB
To support client data related queries in accordance with defined SLAs
To provide level 1 support to clients across CCB & IDV API channels
To ensure service optimisation and minimal downtime, across all products supported by the Customer Support team
Skills & Experience
Ability to maintain focus in a high paced environment with a strong attention to detail
Proactive problem solving and analytical skills
The capacity to communicate effectively with all levels building co-operative relationships with associates and management.
A general interest in credit reporting or previous experience in the credit industry.
Intermediate to strong skills/knowledge in: Excel, SQL, SAS, Powerpoint
Culture
At illion, we are always seeking innovative and forward-thinking individuals to join us on our journey. Our culture is unique. It's fast, results-driven and dynamic. It's certainly not for everyone. But if you thrive in a high performing environment - illion could be for you!
Benefits
Just for the Health of it - illion Wellbeing Program - corporate massages and flu vaccinations included
Social Club - Quarterly calendar of events allowing team member to network and socialised in a fun and relaxed environment
Leadership Development Programs - build your skillset and become an illion future leader
How to Apply
To apply, please click ""Apply Now"" button and we will be in touch shortly.
Here at illion, we value diversity and inclusion and believe that we are able to grow and learn better together with a diverse team of employees. By joining illion you'll be part of an inclusive culture that celebrates a diversity of cultures, skill sets, educations and opinions. People from all culturally diverse backgrounds including Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Peoples are encouraged to apply.




Location
Melbourne


Category
Bureau Services


Work Type
Permanent Full Time


Applications Close On
13/06/2022 at 11:00 PM"
17,17,"Welcome to a place where you can chase real progress And that includes your own career!
We’re looking for a Technical Business Analysts with exceptional stakeholder and interpersonal skills to be able to engage and communicate with a variety of stakeholder groups across broader technology teams.
You will be working in a dynamic, innovative environment across a collaborative automation team providing strong technical analysis and contributing to the wider automation and technology strategies. This is a great opportunity for someone to deepen their technical Business Analysis career and join a well-established, diverse, and high performing team.
About the project: Internal identity experience particular with skills in role-based access and segregation of duties design.
Tools & Technology : Identity and Access Management, Identity platform,
AWS, Jira
We have 3 roles open for 3 different teams.
Technical BA:
- Experience in data and interface mappings
- Has some experience with APIs, Databases, AWS
- Experience with stakeholder management, agile practices, requirements management etc.
Program BA:
· Scope management across 5+ streams
· Ability to build a strong change request process and traceability across programs teams
· Experience with release management and dependency mapping
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent, Fixed term, Casual
Contract length: 12 months
Salary: Up to $850.00 per day
Benefits:
Professional development assistance
Visa sponsorship
Work from home
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
18,18,"Join a national not-for-profit organisation and global movement dedicated to improving the lives of children, families and communities. Channelling your technical expertise in this newly created role, you’ll ensure Save the Children programs are of high quality and delivering impact. Your knowledge and experience will contribute to improving the effectiveness of our work, and position Save the Children as a leader in delivering real and measurable outcomes for children, families and communities.


Save the Children is no ordinary not-for-profit.
We’re ambitious, creative and outspoken. We stand up for children’s rights. We want all children to be educated, healthy and safe, living a life free from abuse and neglect. We’ve been working with families and communities in Australia in every state and territory as a trusted support for children for over 70 years.


Where you come in:
In this part time contract role (3 days per week to end of December 2022, with potential for extension), you’ll have a unique opportunity to apply your data analysis skills across our Australian Services and reshape how we collect, analyse, and learn from data and evidence. You’ll work across every business and service delivery team for Australian Services and report to our Business Program and Data Manger. Based in any capital city of Australia, you’ll have flexibility to work from home or from one of our state offices.


You will make an impact by:
Facilitating transformational change in our data management and reporting practices
Ensuring our data approach delivers a continuous improvement loop and enables us to demonstrate our impact for children
Designing and improving processes and documentation to build the quality of our data across Australian Services
Properly establishing project data feeds via an API from our Case Management database
Designing regular (automated?) reporting methods for Executive-level and project-level stakeholders
Aligning our data with other external sources to develop benchmarks & baselines


Does this sound like you?
You’re experienced in working with client management systems, extracting, and analysing data and building reporting capabilities to enable the organisation to demonstrate their outcomes. You thrive in a fast paced, complex environment and work well to critical deadlines. Your empathy and highly developed interpersonal skills give you a flair for engaging differing stakeholders across diverse backgrounds as you act as the interface between our business and IT technical teams. You’re able to convey complex concepts in a straightforward manner and build the capacity of others through the way you conduct your work.


This role requires:
Demonstrated experience in a similar role with a proven ability to converse with both end-users and IT employees at all levels of the organisation
Ability to work across a large and diverse portfolio of projects, with complex interdependencies and critical delivery time frames
Experience in the design and operation of databases that translate data to external donor systems and requirements, including documentation and data element mapping across systems
High level technical knowledge of programming, system design, IT infrastructure and database concepts and technical specification writing/documentation skills
Strong ability to analyse, isolate and interpret business needs and develop appropriate technical solutions through working with stakeholders to understand data requirements, business processes and data flows
A degree and experience in Business Management or related field, or extensive relevant experience
Previous experience working with systems that report through to the Department of Social Services Data Exchange is highly desirable


Working at Save the Children is more than just a job.
It’s the feeling of knowing that your work is contributing to making the world a better place for children and working with others who feel the same. In addition to a connection to social causes, you will have access to:
Competitive salary plus fully salary packaging benefits
Friendly, agile and flexible work environment including working from home
Additional annual leave options available


For more information regarding our employee benefits, please follow this link.


Sound interesting?
We’d love to hear from you. Submit your cover letter (1 page max) and resume by clicking on one of the buttons in the ‘Apply’ section.


Position Description – Business and Programs Data Analyst


For a confidential discussion about the role, please contact Rebecca Ketton on rebecca.ketton@savethechildren.org.au or 0402070959.


Applications close 12pm Monday 30th May 2022.


Save the Children is committed to providing and maintaining a safe working environment for its employees and client groups, consistent with our obligations under OH&S legislation. Successful applicants are required to provide evidence of vaccination against COVID-19, or proof of medical exemption.


We have tested our application process with diverse groups in mind, with the intent to ensure it's straightforward and accessible for all to apply. Diversity and inclusion are fundamental to our culture and improve our ability to reach our most vulnerable client groups. But we also know there is no one-size fits-all when it comes to recruitment - so if we didn’t quite hit the mark for you, please let us know! We’re dedicated to ensuring Save the Children Australia is a workplace suitable for all people and can modify our processes to suit you – no matter your race, ethnicity, gender, age, disability, sexuality, neurodiversity, culture and beliefs.


Save the Children Australia is a child-safe organisation. All employees are required to undergo a National Police Check, a Working with Children Check where necessary, and sign our Child Safeguarding Policy and Code of Conduct. We also support the Inter-Agency Misconduct Disclosure Scheme. You can read about the Scheme and our commitment to Safeguarding here."
19,19,"Data Insights Analyst

Requisition ID: req5763
Employment Type: Permanent Full-Time

At New Horizons, we are only as strong as the people we hire. We thrive on working with our people to support and grow them. As a collaborative team, we work to create and lead a supportive and friendly environment for us all to enjoy. Our workforce is flexible, inclusive and diverse.
We are looking for exceptional and dynamic individuals to join us as Data Insights Analysts deriving insights from the first Data Lake in the NFP space.
We have Full Time roles available at North Ryde working Monday to Friday between the hours of 8am and 5pm reporting to the Enterprise Intelligence Manager

What Is Expected of You
Convert data into meaningful stories that effectively convey your data driven insights to non-technical professionals including business leaders
Use data visualization techniques to design, build and optimize performance dashboards
Ensure our reports are accurate, meaningful and timely; and work with key stakeholders to attain high adoption rates
Provide ‘ad-hoc’ analysis to support business decision making, including market, product, financial & customer insights.
Manipulate and analyse both internal and external data sources to identify root causes, trends and patterns
Analyse data and information using statistical/data analysis techniques, and develop models
Use superior written and oral communication skills to prepare, deliver and present high quality analysis and reports
Build and develop relationships with key stakeholders across the business to support projects, events and initiatives as needed.
Ensures required business outcomes/performance measures/KPIs/targets are consistent and understood.
Your Ticket to Play


2-3 years’ experience in financial and / or data analysis, coupled with relevant tertiary qualifications.
Foundational knowledge of SQL, and Power BI or Tableau
Solid experience in problem solving and identifying insights from large, disparate data sets
Ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of stakeholders and articulate financial and technical issues in business language to non-financial and non-technical audiences.
High level accuracy and attention to detail, ability to plan, set priorities and meet deadlines
Ability to work collaboratively as part of a team and autonomously, with a self-motivated approach and an ability to accept responsibility and take ownership to achieve outcomes
Awareness of industry trends
Equipment Requirements and Employment Check Criteria
To ensure a fast and speedy recruitment journey we encourage you to have the checks upon application as there can be some delays in obtaining these checks through the relevant services:
Australian Federal Police Check (Covers all of Australia) from the last 24 months - https://cvcheck.com/
Work Rights – Birth Certificate or Passport
Valid NSW Drivers C class licence, with ability to drive vehicles in licence class, including large cars and vans
COVID-19 Vaccination

New Horizons offers many salary and non-salary benefits; of which you could enjoy;

If you're looking for somewhere to pursue your passion, apply your initiative and make a difference you could benefit from:

Work 40 hours per week and have a Rostered Day Off (monthly), that’s an extra 12 days off per year!
Salary packaging of up to $15900+ in tax free pay per FBT year, click the following the link to see the range of benefits you can receive by working for us salary.com.au
Novated lease option
Entertainment card to package an additional $2,650
Health Insurance Partnership with Medibank Private
There are a range of discounts and benefits included in our partnership - including a 7% discount on costs, 100% back on Optical, easy-switching and points to spend on endless wellbeing perks.
WHEREFIT – https://wherefit.com/ – Wellbeing Initiative Partnership for our Employees, benefits include;
Gym Membership & Class Discounts
Online Fitness Program Discounts
Fitness and Recovery Equipment Discounts
Active Wear Discounts
Supplement Discounts
Health Care & Beauty Product Discounts
Healthy Meal Discounts
Utilise our Employee Assistance Program providing counselling services –https://www.accesseap.com.au/
Develop through Internal and external learning, workplace mentoring, secondments and promotions
RISE – recognize, include, share, reward programs
Annual Flu vaccination program
Purchased Annual Leave program
Study Leave (3 Days – Pro-rata)
Work in a supportive culture and working environment
Parental and Long Service Leave for permanent opportunities

To Apply:

Applications close Midnight 1 June 2022 or when a suitable candidate is identified.

New Horizons values diversity and encourages applications from all people. Our vision is to see happy inclusive communities work together in collaborative and inclusive ways to create opportunity and improve quality of life. Our workforce proudly reflects the local communities we connect with and support.

New Horizons acknowledges all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the traditional custodians of the land."
20,20,"About us
We have a vision that our communities will be safe and supported by fair and ethical public institutions with a focus on those matters of highest threat to the Queensland community. As an organisation we are committed to this vision and as such our values of people, accountability, integrity, courage and excellence underpin everything we do at the CCC.
What we offer
At the CCC our people have access to a range of employee benefits that promote career development, enhance employee wellbeing and encourage a healthy and balanced work and home life. When you join the CCC you can access the following benefits:


salary packaging
up to 12.75% superannuation
flexible work options, including working from home
access to paid parental leave
accrued time off
opportunity to purchase leave
17.5% annual leave loading
health and wellbeing program
study assistance
access to a wide variety of training opportunities
free annual influenza vaccination
six star rated inner city location close to public transport
About you
The ideal applicant will demonstrate capability in the following requirements:


At least three years' experience leading the development and delivery of high quality business intelligence solutions using a range of disparate data sources and systems.
Demonstrated management of business intelligence or data analytics projects using recognised project management methodologies, including Agile.
High level proficiency in using contemporary data analytics and business intelligence applications such as SQL Server, Power BI, Tableau, STATA, R, Python etc.
Prior experience using, or demonstrated ability to quickly acquire necessary skills to use, the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.
Very high level of attention to detail, analytical and problem-solving skills applied in a complex organisational environment.
High level communication skills, including effective report writing, and ability to verbally brief senior management.
Demonstrated knowledge and application of relevant information privacy principles, data confidentiality and secrecy requirements, and other legislative constraints.
Demonstrated high level data visualisation and storytelling skills.
Strong ability to manage and complete tasks to a high standard within agreed timeframes.
How to apply
For more detailed information, including what is required to demonstrate your suitability for the role, refer to the attached role description. Pre-employment vetting forms a part of our selection process - you may be asked to provide detailed personal particulars and private interests information. For more information about our security vetting process please refer to How to apply | CCC - Crime and Corruption Commission Queensland
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples are encouraged to apply.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License."
21,21,"We are seeking a fixed term temporary full-time AO5 Business Analyste - Data (until 31 March 2023) to join our team at COVID19 Supply Chain Surety Division, Department of Health. This role is responsible for conducting research, identifying patterns, trends and issues, developing ad-hoc analytics and undertaking data modelling to provide analytical insights to support supply chain logistics and driving business improvements and change. Located in Bowen Hills the successful applicant will also scope the requirements of approved projects or programs of work and provides business analysis expertise to the Warehouse and Supply Stream team to ensure successful delivery of outcomes. If this sounds like the type of role for you we encourage you to apply.
Department of Health - Why work for us?
The Department of Health has a diverse set of responsibilities, and a common purpose of creating better health care for Queenslanders. The department is responsible for the overall management of the public health system in Queensland. We strongly believe in the need to work with people that value the goals of our organisation and who will thrive in our workplace.
The Queensland Government Critical Supply Reserve (QGCSR) was established to protect against supply chain disruption and secure critical supplies for Queensland. The reserve will ensure frontline workers have access to the supplies and equipment needed to support essential services. It will also ensure supply arrangements are not disrupted during a public health emergency or natural disaster, including bushfires, cyclones and floods.

What we are looking for:

Proven experience working directly with internal clients and preparing business cases.
Highly developed data analysis skills and advanced knowledge of SQL, Excel and SAP S/4HANA along with an understanding of emerging digital technologies.
Sound understanding of business and information analysis, and associated techniques and processes.
Good understanding of current trends in the application of technology for business Improvement.
Strong experience in initiation and participation in significant business technology projects.
Mandatory qualifications and other requirements:

While not mandatory, a relevant qualification would be well regarded.
It is a condition of employment for this role, for the employee to be, and remain, vaccinated against COVID-19 as per the Queensland Health Human Resources Policy B70.
It is a condition of employment for this role for the employee to be, and remain, vaccinated against one or more of the following vaccine preventable diseases during their employment (Health Employment Directive No. 01/16): measles, mumps, rubella (MMR), varicella (chicken pox),pertussis (whooping cough), hepatitis B, tuberculosis.
Benefits of working with the Department of Health By joining the Department of Health you will work within a fast-paced, challenging and supportive environment where every employee plays a critical role in our ongoing success. You will enjoy a variety of benefits, including:


Competitive govt salary + up to 12.75% employer superannuation and leave loading
Flexible working arrangements available that offers work/life balance and some roles may provide the flexibility to work from home
Employee Assistance Program
Salary packaging
Career training and development opportunities
How to apply:
Please provide the following information to the panel to assess your suitability:


A short-written response (maximum 1-2 pages, dot points acceptable) on how your experience, abilities, knowledge and personal qualities would enable you to achieve the key responsibilities and meet the skill requirements of the role.
Your current CV or resume, including two referees who have a thorough knowledge of your capabilities, work performance and conduct within the previous two years. It is preferable to include your current, immediate or past supervisor.
Please attach your relevant qualification/s and vaccination evidence.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License."
22,22,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU

Department: Risk Advisory

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27675

Start your career with Australia’s most impactful risk advisory team and be empowered and trusted to build your skills on real client work and purpose led transformation projects at some of Australia’s most significant organisations
Be part of Australia’s largest cohort of graduates – meaning you’ll have a community of other grads to lean on and learn from!
Join an organisation recognised for its commitment to diversity and wellbeing in the workplace, and where making an impact that matters is our goal

You love working with numbers and large data sets (the more unstructured – the better!). In Data and Analytics (Adelaide), we help clients navigate risks and capture opportunities with insights from their data.

What will you get to do?
With a focus in the Adelaide market and working with leaders across the Deloitte network as part of the new centre for innovation and technology. Your passion for all things data and numbers will help deliver solutions to our clients whilst developing meaningful insights with our clients and network of talented specialists.
On a typical project, you’ll start off by sourcing and preparing data for analysis. Then, you’ll dive deep into the data using software like Excel, SQL and statistical modelling and visualisation software such as SAS, SPSS, R, Tableau and Power BI. Don’t fret, you'll have 100% support from the team as you pick up these new skills! Once you’ve discovered hidden data insights, you’ll get to develop tailored recommendations and solutions for the client. Pretty cool, right?
Working with our team you will apply Deloitte best practice data tools and techniques for use cases such as Risk Analytics, Financial Services, Cyber Security, Business Analytics, Operational intelligence and IoT.

Your future starts with us.
At Deloitte, diversity in our teams make us unique and supports our aspiration of making an impact that matters to our clients and teams, in this team you will gain exposure to a number of areas: -

Data analytics and insights
Data engineering
Big data, artificial intelligence and machine learning
Data quality and integration
Data management and governance
Enterprise data warehouse design and implementation
Cloud-based modern data platforms
Complex, large-scale data programs

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.
You are an inquisitive student with a knack for solving complex problems. You may also have:

Bachelor degree or higher qualification in Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Commerce, IT, Computer Science or equivalent fields
Great attention to detail
Strong interpersonal skills and thrive in collaborative environments
A passion for data analysis and presenting data for visual impact
Not essential but desirable knowledge in SQL, SAS, Python, Power BI, Tableau, or other programming languages

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.
We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.
We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
23,23,"Founded in 2014, Mable has become one of Australia's largest and fastest growing healthtech marketplaces. Our platform is an online community of independent support workers who offer their services directly to people who are seeking aged care or disability support.
Mable began when our co-founder Peter Scutt teamed up with his friend and colleague, Tony Charara, after struggling to find the right home care solution for his parents. That collaboration resulted in an entirely new concept in community care led by the people that matter, which we've been constantly refining and improving upon ever since.


With over 3 million hours of support being facilitated through its platform annually, Mable has been growing at a very fast pace and is now at 250+ employees strong.
We’re thrilled to have been recognised within AFR’s Fast 100 list in 2021, Deloitte’s Tech Fast 50 2021 Awards and we won the Australian Growth & Australian Technology Growth Company of the Year Award 2020! This is an awesome opportunity to join a thriving scale up whose profit for purpose mission is transforming the aged care and disability support sectors.

Mission: We’re redefining support for disability and aged care in Australia by helping people who are aging or living with disability to connect with independent support people in their community.

About the role:


As a Senior Analyst, Data & Insights at Mable you will use data and analytical techniques to identify and understand our business and product challenges, communicate your insights to multiple business stakeholders, partner with cross-functional teams, and develop recommendations and prototypes to solve these challenges. You will be at the heart of a fast-paced, high growth environment where you will help drive real-world impact.

Your responsibilities:
Structuring approaches to our business problems, and using data and analysis to understand and solve these problems
Leading exploratory analysis to identify trends and insights, and verify hypotheses
Identifying with data not only what is happening, but why it is happening and what it means
Creating dashboards to track business metrics and performance
Analysing the results of split (treatment / control) tests to determine which new product features or operational processes are effective
Communicating your analysis, insights and recommendations to non-technical audiences, both verbally and in written form
Partnering with a team of product managers, engineers, UX designers, and other business stakeholders
Developing and testing rapid prototypes for data science services, and collaborating with Data Engineers to develop a final product
Outlining the data implications for new product features
Ensuring that all data analysis adheres to the Mable privacy and security policies

Experience you'll need:
3+ years of data analysis experience developing actionable insights
Experience using Tableau or another data visualisation tool to create data visualisations and dashboards
Ability to communicate your insights and technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both verbally and in written form
Initiative and ownership to deliver work with autonomy
Collaboration skills to partner effectively with multiple stakeholders
A “solutions mindset” of natural curiosity and a strong motivation to solve problems, no matter how complicated or ambiguous they might be
Comfort with ambiguity, a fast-paced environment, and rapid business growth
Above all else, a “can-do” attitude is the most important qualification!
What else would make a difference?
Experience analysing split (treatment / control) tests, including statistical analysis
R, python or SQL skills
Experience with machine learning

Benefits of Working at Mable
WFH Set Up Allowance - $800 (gross) payment to all new employees to kit out their home office.
Competitive salary packages everyone at Mable contributes to the bigger picture mission. We want you to feel rewarded with our packages & incentives.
Floating Public Holidays is just one way the company demonstrates its commitment to the wellbeing of our people and creating a culture of greater inclusion.
Volunteer Day A paid day per calendar year to volunteer for your community
Wellbeing Day Enjoy a paid day each calendar year to focus on your health and wellbeing.
Birthday Leave Take your birthday off on us!
Work Away Work overseas for four work weeks in a rolling 12 month period so long as you are available during core business hours
Paid Parental Leave a gender neutral policy for primary (14 weeks + super) and secondary (6x weeks + super) carers
We value wellbeing: We’re here to support you in times of need with our Employee Assistance Program (App + counseling)
Diversity & Inclusion we are endorsed by Work180 as an accredited employer for women in tech.
Team hybrid working arrangements balance collaboration with home and family commitments.
Office Location Two minutes walk from Town Hall station, we’ve recently taken over an entire floor of the Hilton Hotel building (hello, #scaleup life)
Celebrate Success we’re here for the good vibes and celebrating our wins, no matter how big or small.
Anniversary Awards - a visa gift card on us to celebrate each year you work at Mable
Reward and Recognition Program We have a fun, easy and accessible Reward & Recognition Program in place, aligned to the Mable values with quarterly nominations and winners.
Accelerate your career: Be a part of one of Australia's fastest growing Marketplaces. We are a scale-up tech-co and our people are a huge part of this. We want all of our Mablers to feel supported in their careers and for Mable to be the place where they can grow to their full potential.

Our Values
All About People - We put our customers at the center of everything we do
Better Together - We are stronger, better and faster when we work together
Challenge Openly - Speak up. Candid discussion helps us make better decisions.
Do The Right Thing, Always - We hold ourselves to the highest standard. What we say and do matters.
CrEate Impact - We are passionate about having an impact.

Role Location
At Mable we believe that collaboration and team connection is key for success. This role can either be based in Sydney (mix of office / home) or fully remote within Australia. We're all about creating opportunities for people, regardless of where they live.

Additional Information
Mable is an equal opportunity employer. We find excellence in diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
People with lived experience of disability or personal experience with the aged care system are strongly encouraged to apply. Our interview processes are inclusive and will accommodate additional needs when required.
We’re endorsed by Work180 which showcases our commitment to our policies, flexible working and inclusion practices for women in tech.
If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘’tick all the boxes’’, we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity across experience and you might well just bring something to the Mablehood that we are looking for!
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant

Where to find us online:
Glassdoor: https://bit.ly/3z0K328
Youtube: https://bit.ly/34L7DlP
Instagram: https://bit.ly/3pgAOXk
Facebook: https://bit.ly/3ic6LhQ
LinkedIn: https://bit.ly/3ie6Q4U"
24,24,"Organisation/Entity: Transport For NSW
Job Category: Information & Communication Technology
Job Location: Chippendale, NSW, AU, 2008
Job Ref No: 66017
Employment Type: Permanent Full-Time
Salary Range: $106086.0-$118816.0
About us


Transport for NSW keeps our State moving by providing safe, integrated and efficient transport systems. We put our customers at the centre of everything we do – and we do a lot. We connect people, communities and industry and manage how they use our road, rail and maritime networks and services, and even active modes like walking and cycling. The work we do connects the journeys you take every day.


We are a state government organisation made up of more than 28,000 people and we're in the middle of delivering the largest transport infrastructure program in Australia's history. We work across planning, policy and procurement, harnessing data and technology to develop smarter and more adaptive transport solutions.


That means job opportunities in metropolitan and regional areas right across NSW – you have the chance to be part of creating a lasting legacy that will benefit generations to come.


Diverse and inclusive team committed to making a real difference
Permanent full time role based at Macquarie Park, offering flexibility
Gain hands on exposure across the best practices in Data management


The Division


The Customer Strategy & Technology division is focused on creating the future of mobility in NSW, and shaping a world-leading transport system for our customers and communities.


The opportunity


We have an opportunity for a Planning Analyst to join us in the Place Forecasting Team in the Transport Modelling Function within the Customer Strategy and Technology division. In this exciting role, you will be responsible for supporting the collection, compilation, data preparation and analysis of relevant external data sources on population, workforce and employment trends and projections, assisting with the provision of these forecasts on a regular basis as inputs to strategic transport models.

What you will be involved in


If successful, you will work to ensure improved data and reporting outcomes for the unit and provide insights to make informed decisions by:


Supporting members of the team with the translation of business requirements into insights and reports
Working in close collaboration with the Manager and team members and with other Branch and Divisional members, and operating entities to contribute to strategic planning, policy development, service delivery, and decision making.
Ensure that data provided is of appropriate quality for input to strategic transport models, assisting in development, preparation and maintenance of land use models.
Provide support to ensuring that benchmark small area demographic data collected by ABS during each Census is of the highest quality for use in modelling
Provide support in the production of reports in non-technical language on model inputs, assumptions, outputs and limitations.
Assist with project and meeting co-ordination and cross-agency work to develop and implement the NSW government’s common planning assumptions


About you


You are a Data Analyst with experience in demonstrated experience in the analysis of quantitative data and reporting with a great attention to detail and an eye for continuous improvement. Experience in computerised database, including analytical/statistic software packages and using BI tools such as Power BI, Tableau,. Exposure to relevant analytical / statistical software packages, for example ”R” or Python, and statistical modelling would be highly regarded


Want to know more?


Please click here to view a copy of the Role Description. For any enquiries, please email: Shefali Uppal via Shefali.uppal@transport.nsw.gov.au


Salary and Benefits


Transport Grade 7 ($106,086 - $118,816) plus Super.


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and address the questions in the application.


Close date: 11.59PM, Sunday, 22nd May 202


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Shefali Uppal at SHEFALI.UPPAL@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.


Apply today to register your interest!

Find out more about Transport for NSW at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/about-us.

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process here at Transport.


Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:
appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Data Analyst, Data Management, Database, Procurement, State Government, Data, Operations, Technology, Government"
25,25,"THE OPPORTUNITY
The role of Data Analyst will see you assisting the Audience & Data Intelligence and National Insights teams by using 1st and 3rd party data sources to create dashboards and reports and prototypes of new innovation products. As well as assisting the wider Marketing, Sales and Commercial teams with day-to-day data analytics tasks.
A fun and interesting role that will see you working with a large number of datasets and platforms and will give you a unique opportunity to make a large impact within the business.


Key Accountabilities:


Platform development and innovation
Building dashboards and geospatial tools to visualise JCD inventory combined with audience data and relevant third party data.
Understanding of all proprietary JCDecaux research tools, as well as external data platforms and their value in crafting compelling insights for all products as well as their backend structures.
Supporting the creation of new innovations both in existing and new platforms, engaging with the different functions of the Sales, Commercial, Marketing and Technology teams on new ways to create value for clients using these frameworks
Working in an iterative fashion to develop prototypes and dashboard reporting for Marketing team function
Support the Customer Value team with Adobe Audience Analytics (AAM) campaigns


Data Analytics Support
Support in the ETL and analysis of large datasets, utilising technical skills in SQL or similar
Aid in investigating new data sources and analysis frameworks for the team to deliver insights and business value
Create dashboards and mapping tools for varying datasets to be cross-tabulated and visualised through Tableau or Power BI
Work with the Insights and wider Marketing Team(s) on the creation, maintenance and integration of current insights platforms, both industry based and bespoke
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems


Data governance and projects
Work alongside all members of the business on data quality and stewardship, collaborating on data projects across the business, acting as support on these projects
Provide education and support to relevant teams on new asset opportunities and analysis using audience data
Clearly communicate the value proposition of JCDecaux products and aid in the development of tools to support Sales doing this in market


TO BE SUCCESSFUL:
You'll be someone with a minimum of 2 years' experience as a Data Analyst or Business Analyst, gained ideally within Media, Consumer Data or Research. A self-starter with a proactive approach, you'll have strong visualisation capabilities with reporting tools Tableau/ Power BI etc. As well as:


Relevant Tertiary qualification
Data analysis software experience (Python / R / SPSS, etc)
Proficiency with SQL, MS Excel
Excellent written and oral communication skills
A strong curiosity to learn and apply data science techniques and tools


From 4 April 2022, JCDecaux requires employees in Australia to be ""up to date"" with their vaccinations against Covid-19 to ensure we meet our obligations under occupational health and safety legislation with regard to the safety and wellbeing of our people. Being ""up-to-date"" generally means you have had a third vaccination dose no later than 6 months from completing your first two doses. If you are applying for a role at JCDecaux please consider this new requirement when submitting your application. If your application is successful you may be required to provide evidence of your vaccination against Covid-19 to JCDecaux upon or after commencing your employment with JCDecaux."
26,26,"About the Mackay Hospital and Health Service
Mackay Hospital and Health Service has six hospitals, two multi-purpose health services and four community health centres that employ more than 3,300 staff. The district covers an area of approximately 90,000km2 and provides services to patients and their families in Bowen, Cannonvale, Clermont, Collinsville, Dysart, Glenden, Mackay, Middlemount, Moranbah, Proserpine and Sarina.
Your opportunity


To provide high level data reporting and analysis to support operational and strategic plans by the MHHS.
Integrate data from a range of health information systems to provide meaningful reports for clinicians and managers in an Activity Based Funding environment.
Your team
The Finance Department consists of Financial Accounting and Strategic Accounting. Strategic Accounting includes Management Accounting and Activity Based Costing and Funding. The team provides routine and ad-hoc information, analysis and advice for various stakeholders such as the Executive, service directors, business managers and clinicians.
Benefits of working for Mackay HHS
Mackay HHS provides a working environment which embraces professional development, builds capabilities, provides roles with variety and flexibility, supports staff to maximise their health and wellbeing and encourages work/life balance. Some additional benefits include:


Remuneration - Competitive packages with salary packaging options available.
Superannuation - Up to 12.75% employer contribution.
Annual leave loading - 17.5%.
Employee assistance and peer support programs - Supporting our staff through difficult times.
Wellbeing programs - Variety of initiatives available to suit all interests and lifestyles.
How to apply for this role


Download the Role Description and Information Package for Applicants to familiarise yourself with the role.
Provide a written response (maximum 2 pages) outlining how your experience, abilities and knowledge will enable you to achieve the key responsibilities of the role. This is an opportunity to tell us about yourself, your professional career and why you are the right person for this job.
Attach your current resume/CV, including contact details of two referees, preferably your current/past supervisor, who can confirm/support your capabilities, work performance and conduct within the previous two years.
Conditions of employment
If you are a new employee to Queensland Health, we want to ensure you have all the information you need before you start. It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the Queensland Health Conditions of employment and the Code of Conduct for the Queensland Public Service.
Mandatory vaccination requirements
It is a mandatory condition of employment for this role to be:


Vaccinated against, and remain vaccinated against, vaccine preventable diseases Measles, Mumps, Rubella (MMR), Varicella (Chicken Pox), Pertussis (Whooping Cough), Hepatitis B.
Vaccinated against COVID-19.
For more information on your vaccination requirements should you be the successful applicant for this role, please refer to the Queensland Health employment directives.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License."
27,27,"Company Description

The Company
We don’t just collect data, we connect data.
YouGov is an international data and analytics group. Our core offering of opinion data is derived from our highly participative panel of 8 million people worldwide, with 33 million interactions and billions of data points. We combine this continuous stream of data with our deep research expertise and broad industry experience into a systematic research and marketing platform. We have 36 offices in 22 countries and panel members in 44 countries.
Our values are to be fast, fearless, get it right and trust each other
YouGov Sport
YouGov Sport is the sports and entertainment specialist arm of YouGov. YouGov Sport combines extensive expertise and experience to create an unparalleled new generation of sports research and insights.
YouGov Sport in Australia offer a unique synthesis of thought leadership, strategic insight, and comprehensive data analysis.
We are currently working with Australia’s leading rights holders, teams and organisations.


Job Description

The Role
The role will be working across YouGov Sport’ Media Tracking & Evaluation, and Consumer Research businesses. You will be responsible for supporting the projects teams working with a variety of media data tools and sources, and both custom and syndicated research solutions.
You will be required to support the delivery of high-quality client reporting deliverables including extracting, connecting, and managing data from our own patented tracking and evaluation tools then proactively looking for insights. You will be assisting the team in demonstrating client partnership value across our online dashboards, and custom written reports via clear and efficient insights.
This is a great opportunity to take on a broad supporting role across our management team working with Australia’s leading sports and entertainment organisations.

What will I be doing day to day?
Supporting the lead analyst with the management of complex projects and manage smaller ones independently or as part of a small team.
Creating searches and use bespoke media information tools to find relevant data. Collect, collate and interrogate data to tell a story to clients.
Report writing; performing advanced media valuation analysis and calculations in Microsoft Excel, using functions such as pivot tables, vlookups, IF formulae and data filters.
Data analysis: looking into trends and identifying potential discrepancies and errors.
Report production: producing bespoke analysis and reports for clients; creating a clear narrative from the data that enables the client to make
Adhere to data management quality control processes to ensure accurate, consistent and compliant delivery of data.
Maintaining dashboards and databases with the correct, most recent data and information.


Qualifications

What do I need to bring with me?
University degree in relevant field
Passion for the sports, sponsorship / entertainment business a plus
Excellent analytical skills.
Attention to detail
Problem-solving ability
Proven track record of working on multiple projects and hitting deadlines in a fast-moving environment.
Enthusiasm for day-to-day writing of evaluation reports and data analysis across a broad range of media.
Microsoft Office experience essential, including Excel to a high standard (i.e. vlookups, IF formulae, pivot tables and data filters).
Possess a good, clear writing style and understand different uses of tables, charts and commentary.
Experience of, or strong desire to learn about, the sports business industry."
28,28,"Business Analyst – Assets
Exciting position in Council's Strategy, Assets & Design Team
Flexible Hours with possibility of part-time
Tamworth Regional Council (TRC) is a prosperous and progressive Council in inland NSW ideally located halfway between Sydney and Brisbane. As we focus on delivering our incredible strategy, Blueprint 100, we are seeking an experienced Business Analyst to join our Strategy, Assets & Design Division.
Blueprint 100 is TRC’s exciting vision to see our region’s population reach 100,000 people. As our population continues to grow, we are focused on ensuring we lay a solid foundation of economic strength, stability and diversity.
The Strategy, Assets & Design Division of Tamworth Regional Council provides asset management services to the Regional Services Directorate, facilitating long term asset planning, targeted works programs, data management services and system development for $1billion of assets, including transport, stormwater, sports and recreation and buildings infrastructure.
To continue to deliver and expand the quality of services, Council is seeking a motivated Business Analyst to contribute to the development and continuous improvement of Asset Management systems within Council.
Reporting to the Senior Assets Systems Analyst, your key duties will include (but not be limited to):
Preparing reports, programs and data analysis on the maintenance, operation, renewal and upgrade/expansion of asset infrastructure by utilising data from Council’s Asset Management System;
Management of the currency and accuracy of Council’s asset register;
Collecting, reviewing and incorporating information from Council’s construction activities for reporting; and
Assisting with the production of Council’s Asset Management Plans for asset infrastructure.
To be successful in this role, you will hold tertiary qualifications in Business Systems Development or Civil Engineering (or significant experience in the development and management of corporate databases), a current Driver Licence, as well as bring:-
Experience in managing, interpreting, analysing and reporting data for use by a broad range of stakeholders;
A demonstrated skillset in database management and systems development; and
The proven ability to work independently, stay on task and work as part of a multidisciplinary team.
Candidates with previous experience in, or exposure to, asset management and/or working in an engineering or building environment would be highly regarded.
This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive regional council and utilise your broad range of data management skills to improve the long term efficiency of service delivery to the community.
This position has been classified as a Grade 14 with a salary range of $1,421.50 to $1,538.30 for 35 hours work per week. Flexible working arrangements will be considered by mutual agreement and according to operational requirements. The opportunity to work flexibly and on a part-time basis may be considered for the right candidate.
Shortlisted applicants will be required to undertake a Pre-employment Medical Screening including Alcohol & Other Drugs Testing.
Please contact Thomas Baxter (Acting Manager, Strategy, Assets & Design) on 02 6767 5596 if you have any questions about this position.
Applications close at 5.00pm on Monday, 30 May 2022.
Tamworth Regional Council is committed to acting in the best interest for our staff, their families and the community at large. As such, Council requires its staff to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and you will be required to provide evidence of your vaccination status if you’re invited for an interview. You may also be required to undergo Rapid Antigen Testing as required. TRC is also committed to the principles and practices of Equal Employment Opportunity and Cultural Diversity."
29,29,"Data Analyst
Last year we won the World Agility Forum's ""best Agile place to work"" award for an organization that is driven by Agile values and principles and is focused on employee and customer satisfaction. Now we're looking for you to play a key role in uplifting the data quality of our banking product data for regulatory reporting, compliance, and customer service purposes.
As a Data Analyst, you will work with a diverse range of stakeholders and data teams to uplift the current data quality management capabilities and leverage these across banking products in general, including deposits, home loans, business loans and car loans. You will learn the data landscape of the banking products to analyse reporting attributes in line with regulatory reporting requirements. In addition, you will develop criteria to identify data for review and remediation. You day to day activities will include:
undertaking data extraction, analysis, and investigation into data quality issues
preparing data for remediation purposes with product and operational teams
requesting data changes in product systems for remediation purposes
logging and tracking issue status throughout the data issue lifecycle
understanding data sharing obligations and risk of breaches
performing reasonability checks of data as it pertains to regulatory reporting
For success in this role, you will:
possess tertiary qualifications in business, finance, mathematics, or a related discipline
exhibit proficiency with data analysis applications, particularly Excel
demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills
show strong attention to detail in your work
ideally have previous experience in financial services or related areas
If you are a driven individual who takes a proactive approach to your work, we want to hear from you. Apply online today.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-963492
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Data & Analytics, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Patrick Lockington
Opening Date: 13/3/2022"
30,30,"Permanent Full Time Opportunity
Work for an employer of choice
Apply your skills in a role that helps us improve our city
If you are a passionate data storyteller with an analytical mind, wanting to make a positive difference to a city, this is your new dream job.
If you thrive in an environment where your data insights answer questions and lead to improvements for a community and an organisation, keep reading…. [but true data nerds don’t need to be told that!]
The Data Analyst will design and develop interactive reports, dashboards and other data outputs that will lead to improvements in service levels, productivity, performance and customer experience.
This position will be responsible for analysing and interpreting data to generate insights to drive improvements to the look and feel of the city.
Some of your duties will include:
Work collaboratively across different functional areas to identify, collect and consolidate existing data and missing data
Assess, organise and transform data in to usable formats
Develop, implement and maintain databases and innovative dashboard, enabling performance reporting
Analyse and interpret data to find answers to specific questions
Generate information and insights from data sets and identify trends, patterns and opportunities
Translate data analytics into succinct insights that are relatable, engaging, suitable and adaptable for a range of audiences
Use data analysis coupled with your understanding of the customer and business to identify and drive improvements in service levels, productivity, performance and customer experience
Apply technical and professional expertise to resolve technical issues
For a full list of duties, please refer to the position description
The successful applicant will have:
Tertiary qualifications in Business Intelligence/ Mathematics / Statistics / Economics or other quantitative discipline and/or extensive equivalent experience
Strong analytical skills, with ability to turn data and information into business insights
Demonstrated experience in gathering and analysing multiple data sets to identify trends and patterns to answer questions and solve problems
Strong verbal and written communication skill with ability to break down complex topics into simple solutions and ideas
Strong data visualisation experience with demonstrated ability to tell a story and present complex information into various formats that are relevant, engaging, simple and adaptable for a range of audiences
Strong and agile project management skills with the ability to manage competing priorities, work across multiple projects and teams to meet deadlines and customer/stakeholder expectations
An aptitude and passion for finding solutions and thinking creatively to improve customer experience, services and productivity
Demonstrated experience in building and maintaining productive working relationships with internal and stakeholders at all levels to deliver outcomes
Demonstrated experience working as a data analyst with ability to work as part of a team and autonomously using own initiative
What’s in it for you?
Permanent full time opportunity
Opportunity to earn additional leave (Accrued Time Off)
Access to health and wellbeing programs
Access to further training and development
Employer of Choice! – work for an award-winning organisation that will truly value your input
The salary range for this opportunity commences at $117,791 (Grade K, Step1) 10% super
How to apply:
For more information, please contact Daniela Santucci (Manager City Improvement) on (0411 418 020) or daniela.santucci@cbcity.nsw.gov.au
You will need to submit your application via the ‘Apply’ button below and create a login using your email address and upload a;
Resume; and
Cover Letter explaining your suitability for the role.
Applications close at 11:59pm on Tuesday 24 May 2022.
Canterbury-Bankstown Council is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and people with disability are encouraged to apply for all advertised positions. If you require assistance, please advise the contact person at the time of your application.
Successful applicants may be required to undertake a Criminal History Check, Medical and/or Working with Children check in accordance with the position.
Council is committed to ensuring the health, safety and wellbeing of all team members and other workers. Our COVIDSafe Workplace Policy requires all team members to be up-to-date with their COVID-19 vaccination status before commencing employment with Canterbury-Bankstown Council. Council defines ‘up-to-date’ to include having had a third dose within 6 months of receiving their second dose of an approved COVID-19 vaccine. Medical exemptions are only available if you are unable to be vaccinated due to genuine medical contraindications, and may be subject to further review. Applications for a medical exemption will be managed in accordance with Council’s COVIDSafe Workplace Policy."
31,31,"Date: 18-May-2022
Location: Sydney, NSW, AU, 2000
Employment Type: Permanent Full Time

Join a diverse and high performing team with flexible working arrangements
Be part of a team and culture that values people
Grow your career with a leading wealth management organisation


The Role
As an Asset Management Distribution Data and Analytics Consultant, you will work collectively in a team to produce required information to support Requests for Information across Distribution Channels and produce sales data and insights.


Key Responsibilities:
Produce all Materials relating to Requests for Information received by MLC Asset Management (AM) Distribution
Respond to research house requests to facilitate the smooth production of review materials and data requests
Respond and provide input to the institutional prospect process and investor relations due diligence processes
Assist in proactively managing our RFP Content Library in conjunction with the AM Client Experience team
Support AM Distribution reporting when required to assist in the production of sales data from time to time
Contribute to projects within the Asset Management business as and where required


To Be Successful in This Role You Will Possess:
Tertiary qualifications and proven experience in a related field highly regarded
Highly proficient in Excel and other databases
Ability to communicate and manage stakeholders
Ability to receive, triage and effectively source answers to queries received in a timely and efficient manner
Ability to manage multiple requests at the same time to ensure all stakeholder needs are met


Benefits
In return, we offer development opportunities at an ASX top 200 company
A professional, supportive, and friendly culture
A range of corporate and lifestyle benefits


The Business
Insignia Financial is one of Australia’s leading wealth management organisations, undertaking a rapid and exciting transformation. The Insignia Financial group has been helping Australians secure their future since 1846. During that time, we have grown substantially to become a leading provider of quality financial services. We now manage and administer more than $200 billion of client monies and are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange in the ASX top 200 (ASX:IFL).


To Apply


Applicants will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to work in Australia, and at a minimum be required to undertake police and basic credit checks as a condition of employment.


Please note that applications from agencies will not be considered at this time.


Insignia Financial is an inclusive and equal opportunity employer. We encourage applications regardless of race, ethnicity, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an adjustment during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request.


Insignia Financial is conscious of our WHS obligations and is committed to providing a safe workplace for everyone. As such, we require all new employees to be able to comply with our National COVID-19 Vaccination Policy. We will gladly and openly discuss this with you during the recruitment process if you wish.


Please be aware that Insignia Financial is currently undergoing an Organisational Design process, which may impact future organisational structure."
32,32,"Welcome to Aginic, a consultancy where some of the country’s brightest data analysts, engineers, agile coaches, designers, and cloud architects blend their technical skills with a desire to deliver impactful insights that solve business problems

For more information about us visit https://aginic.com/our-people/

Purpose of the role

To work as a key member of a cross functional squad to deliver amazing outcomes for our clients. You will be primarily responsible for performing data analytics and visualisations on a variety of projects for a range of clients, from state government departments to not for profits and large commercial clients.
Role & Responsibilities:
Client engagement:
Work with stakeholders to understand what information they need to run their business
Map business reporting requirements to underlying business applications
Develop dashboards or reports to make data accessible to them in a timely and intuitive way

Technical development:
Utilise and learn a range of different technologies
Perform data modelling and ETL
Develop dashboards for end users using appropriate tools
Build predictive models
Improve scalability and performance through cloud technologies
Automate tasks and data flows
Documentation



Squad involvement:
Work with members of your squad, other squads or chapters in day-to-day tasks
Provide input into staff development including formal and informal training
Be actively involved in continuous feedback for yourself and others



Business development:
Aid the growth of the Aginic business including attending business development functions
Aid in the development of marketing collateral
Develop dashboards for Aginic website
Develop dashboards for Client Proof-of-Concepts

What you offer:
A relevant degree in a numerical discipline
You have between 3-5 years experience in a data analytics role, BI or related role ideally with some exposure to consulting
You're smart, innovative and always learning new things - people seek you out for your technical excellence
You’re naturally curious and this drives you to research experiment and deduce your way to knowledge
You critically reflect on your own processes and challenge assumptions about how things should be done, exploring solutions that others might not consider
You're involved in a bunch of cool projects that you’re excited to talk about and show. You’re approachable, dependable and genuine and you care about getting to know people.
You like the start-up vibe of a workplace and are excited by the prospect of working in an energetic and growing team.
What we offer:
23 days annual leave and a day off on your birthday!
Winter School and Bootcamp - residential learning and development/ team bonding events
Training and professional development opportunities
Flexible working options including a hybrid working from home model
Dynamic and friendly team environment
Modern offices, close to public transport
EAP programme and wellbeing initiatives
Our Values

Our values guide us to quality outcomes, even when we are faced with challenging situations or when we are pushing the boundaries of what is possible.

Technical to the Top: Our people are first and foremost masters of their craft. We value excellence and strive for elegance, innovation and simplicity in our solutions. We strive to learn constantly and adapt to the world around us.

Output not input: We are a team of doers. Our internal performance assessment focuses on what people produce. We encourage our clients to value us based on the same principles.

Friendly: Our approach at all levels is to develop genuine relationships with each other, with our clients and our technology partners. We are relaxed, friendly and approachable. While we are proud of what we do, we’re even more proud of how we do it.

Genuine: We treat all people, whether they are clients or colleagues, fairly and honestly. We respect others and give everyone a fair go. We don’t try to gain an unfair advantage over others or game the system.

Chasing the unicorn: We are bold innovators always striving to improve and innovate. We are entrepreneurs who seek out opportunities to change the way the world works. We thrive on impactful problems and new challenges.

We’re committed to promoting diversity in the workplace and encourage people from all backgrounds to apply. Are you looking to join a high performing, smart and fun team? Apply now!"
33,33,"Aufgaben
At Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Australia we pride ourselves on our reputation for service excellence and our care in providing flexible, innovative and tailor-made finance and insurance solutions.

We are seeking an energetic IT Data and Reporting Analyst to join our close-knit IT team in Mulgrave in a full time capacity for an12 month fixed term period. Reporting to the IT Project Manager this position will suit a current IT Data and Reporting Analyst with at least 3-5 years’ experience.

MBFS is planned to go through a major system upgrade and require support of IT Data and Reporting Analyst to support the project. The IT Data and Reporting Analyst’s objective is to support and implement reporting and data services to MBFS. The analyst reports to the IT Project Manager (NextGen and Downstream Projects) and is responsible to deliver reports to requirements whilst following report development lifecycle (design, develop and implementation).

Under direction of the IT Project Manager (their manager), the analyst will assist the NextGen project team for system upgrade activities including data cleansing, migration to new system, data merging and report mapping and development with new system.

Key responsibilities include: - Analyzing, developing and implementing reports, dashboards and data extracts.

Experience supporting and administering data cleansing, migration and merging activities
Working with stakeholders to elicit requirements and manage end to end delivery
Advanced T-SQL Programming experience (SQL, Stored Procedures, Functions, Views)
Advanced Reporting Services development and administration experience
Advanced Integration Services development experience
Qualifikationen
As the successful applicant you will need to demonstrate how you possess the following selection criteria: - Minimum 3 years’ experience;- Analyzing, developing and implementing reports, dashboards and data extracts.

Experience supporting and administering data warehouse implementations
Working with stakeholders to elicit requirements and manage end to end delivery




Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server product suite (Transact SQL, Integration Services, Reporting Services, Analysis Services, PowerBI)
Experience supporting and administering data warehouse implementations
Experience working with relational and dimensional data model concepts
Experience with performance tuning and optimisation related to reporting and SQL
Experience with version control systems.
Strong problem solving / troubleshooting skills
Strong customer-facing and interpersonal skills
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle.
Good understanding of IT processes including IT data and security topics
Good understanding of data validation and cleansing
Motivated and have good organizational and time management skills



Setting you up for success will be your ambitions for continuous improvement and development in both your direct work and as an IT professional.

If you believe you are our next IT Data and Reporting Analyst please tell us about you! Please submit your application no later than 24th of May 2022.

This is a local role, you must already hold working rights for Australia / New Zealand for the length of the fixed term period to be considered for this position.

Mercedes-Benz Financial Services proudly offers generous employee benefits, such as Employee Recognition and Rewards Programs, access to Learning & Development opportunities, on-site parking, discounted health insurance and much more."
34,34,"Job Description:
About DXC Integrated Services
DXC Integrated Services has been specialising in workers’ compensation claims management for over 19 years and we have an impressive track record of excellence in service delivery and innovation. We aim to return people to work and health as quickly and effectively as possible. By providing the right services at the right time, DXC Integrated Services gives employers the confidence they comply with legal and regulatory requirements, and injured workers the confidence they are being well cared for. DXC Integrated Services is part of the DXC Technology group of companies, the world’s leading independent, end-to-end next-generation IT services company. DXC employs 155,000 staff globally, of which over 5,000 are insurance practitioners. We work with our customers to build a culture of performance with integrity.
About the role
We are seeking a talented and energetic Data Analyst to work with the People Leaders of our claims division to develop and maintain reporting to assist in the daily operations of the Business. Create dashboard client reporting and provide analysis of their claims history and explore and develop process improvements within the team and across the Business.
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, ideally including Power Query,
Must have minimum of 3 years experience
Experience in extracting and transforming data, ideally using WebFOCUS however will also consider SQL
Experience with Sisense or similar (Power BI, Tableau).
Automating across Microsoft applications using VBA
Effective time management and ability to work across multiple smaller projects
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
A bility to elicit requirements from stakeholders
Continuous improvement and initiative thinker
Ability to understand claims; workers' comp industry experience preferred but not required
Flexible working arrangements
Our ‘people first’ mindset comes to life offering the ultimate in working flexibility. We take a virtual first approach and our teams are spread across multiple geographies delivering a broad range of customer projects, which means we can tailor working arrangements that work for our people.
Benefits
We recognise the contribution of our ‎employees ‎and ‎reward our staff with a ‎competitive salary, career opportunities and ongoing professional development.
In return for your experience and dedication, DXC Integrated Services offers a range of attractive benefits:
a generous Reward and Recognition program
competitive salary packages and other financial benefits, including an Employee Referral Program
great work/life balance
a dynamic and stimulating work environment, where career progression and learning are paramount, and participation in company and community events is actively encouraged.
If you want to make a career in the Worker's Compensation industry, if you are customer focused and have excellent communication skills with relevant industry or paralegal experience, we would love to hear from you.

To apply, please click on the link and submit a covering letter describing your motivation and transferable skills with your resume."
35,35,"Equity Research - Industrials (Analyst/Associate)
Job Number:
3212950
POSTING DATE: May 5, 2022
PRIMARY LOCATION: Non-Japan Asia-Australia-New South Wales-Sydney
JOB: Research
EMPLOYMENT TYPE: Full Time
JOB LEVEL: Analyst
DESCRIPTION


About The Role
An opportunity exists for a Research Analyst (Industrials) to join the highly regarded Australian Research team. Candidates will ideally have a background in equity research, investment banking, investment management, professional services or within corporates operating in the Industrials field.
Responsibilities

Creating and maintaining earnings models by leveraging skills in accounting, finance and economics
Responding to requests for data and information from internal and external clients
Identifying and analyzing macroeconomics factors and industry trends
Researching and writing reports with a company or sector specific focus
Assisting in the design and preparation of analyst marketing materials
Developing relationships and interacting with equity sales and trading, institutional clients, investor relations personnel, company management and other industry participants
Collaborating with domestic, regional and global colleagues on research projects


QUALIFICATIONS
Skills Required

A university degree or post-graduate qualification (or equivalent), preferably in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or Law
Proactive and hard-working, with a willingness to meet deadlines and take accountability
Strong written and verbal communication skills
A natural curiosity in corporate strategy and how businesses operate, succeed and fail
Ability to construct detailed financial models
Ability to think laterally and creatively and to problem solve
Ability to work in small teams and a strong focus on coordination, collaboration and teamwork

Equal Opportunity Statement
Morgan Stanley’s goal is to build and maintain a workforce that is diverse in experience and background but uniform in reflecting our standards of integrity and excellence. Consequently, our recruiting efforts reflect our desire to attract and retain the best and brightest from all talent pools. We want to be the first choice for prospective employees.
It is the policy of the Firm to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, age, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, disability, marital and civil partnership/union status, pregnancy (including unlawful discrimination on the basis of a legally protected pregnancy/maternity leave), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce."
36,36,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Brisbane, QLD, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 20058

What will your typical day look like?

As a Reporting and Insights Consultant, you will enhance existing, and develop new business performance reporting, in Tableau and DOMO, for stakeholders across Deloitte, including senior executive leaders. Working with the wider team, you will translate business requirements into quantitative metrics, with the business looking to you as an expert in reporting across Deloitte’s Clients, Industries and Markets. You will answer the ‘Why’ and ‘So What’ for our internal stakeholders, investigating trends and outliers within large datasets. Using your experience and understanding of what stakeholders need from reporting, you will regularly present and roadshow new products and views, aligned to individual business needs.

About the team

Welcome to MCBD, the Marketing, Communications and Business Development team - A.K.A. Deloitte’s creative heartbeat. Meet 150+ like-minded experts committed to thinking outside of the box. We bring to life ideas and strategies that build Deloitte’s brand eminence and help us stand out. Our unparalleled marketing, design and social expertise allows us to make a difference across everything we do.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
Experience in gathering and analysing data sets to translate problems into actionable insights and recommendations. With your strong commercial acumen, you will be familiar with financial terminology and the reporting requirements of a business. Strong analytical capabilities and structured problem-solving skills will be your strength, as will excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate to all levels of management.

Being proficient in Excel and PowerPoint is a must. Having experience in data visualisation tools such as Tableau or Domo would be a plus.

You should also have:
1-2 years experience in business reporting and/or analytics
Demonstrated experience understanding the importance of data integrity
An ability to build professional relationships and rapport with non-technical stakeholders
Excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate with at all levels.
Knowledge of data visualisation and reporting automation tools such as Excel, Tableau, Cognos, Domo, or Power BI. Reporting development and analysis in Excel is essential, all other tools are desired.
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
37,37,"Employment Type: Temporary Full Time to 30/6/2024 with possibility of an extension depending on funding
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 3
Remuneration: $116,403 - $132,700 pa + super & packaging
Hours Per Week: 38
Requisition ID: REQ308742
Location: Warrawong
Closing Date: 29 May 2022

What you'll be doing
ISLHD recognises that its data is one of its most valuable assets. The need for high quality data is increasingly important, as clinicians and managers use this data to make critical decisions which impact the quality of care and for Activity Based Management (ABM) purposes. The Performance Analyst is a key champion of a strategic approach to performance analysis and benchmarking for activity streams including, but not limited to; acute, non-admitted, sub and non-acute, emergency and surgical. This role provides analytic insights to inform strategic, operational and clinical decision making, particularly related to Activity Based Management.
The Performance Analyst is a driver of local analytics to deliver outcome driven projects in line with the organisation’s strategic priorities, including program evaluation, benchmarking and reporting of clinical and patient reported outcomes.
The Planning, Information and Performance team is the strategic lever in strengthening and accelerating the analytics maturity in ISLHD. The Performance Analyst is a key role in delivering this strategy.


Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District (ISLHD) is committed to equal employment opportunity and embraces diversity and inclusion within its workforce. As such, people from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This includes but is not limited to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People, People with Disability, Women and People from Culturally and Linguistically Diverse backgrounds.
An eligibility list will be created for future temporary and permanent full-time and part-time positions.
Please note: Employment of a temporary visa holder may only occur if no suitable permanent resident or citizen of Australia has been identified for this position following suitable labour market testing.
All NSW Health workers are required to have received two doses of a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine as of 30 November 2021 OR have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status prior to securing this role.
Your claim against the selection criteria is the most important part of your application as it will help determine whether or not you have met the standard of response required by the panel to be eligible for an interview. You should read the Position Description and then address the selection criteria for the role, giving examples where required. Applicants are encouraged to review the following information on Applying for a position within NSW Health at: http://www.health.nsw.gov.au/careers/guide/nswhealth/Pages/apply-for-position.aspx
For further information visit: https://iworkfor.nsw.gov.au/
Selection Criteria:
Relevant tertiary qualification in data analytics, data interpretation, or numerical discipline (statistics, economics, econometrics, etc.) or extensive relevant experience working with health related data sources and data analysis.
Demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytic insights, interpreting strategic priorities to facilitate quality decision making in a clinical or business context.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to tailor communication to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated personal agility and ability to adapt to changing environments with pace and energy.
Extensive experience in using Microsoft Excel; Demonstrable experience in R, python, or a similar syntax. Experience in querying data from an SQL environment. Experience with or detailed understanding of the Health Information Exchange (HIE) or other Health related data repositories would be an advantage.
Demonstrated experience working in multifaceted team environment and ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders to improve performance and outcomes.
Need more information?

For role related queries or questions contact Anita Graham on Anita.Graham@health.nsw.gov.au"
38,38,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors. You will shape, change, and deliver a data management roadmap to improve and enhance the value and re-usability of data, through modern and evolving data management practices and frameworks.

As a Data Analyst, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives, you will work with a diverse range of stakeholders and data teams to uplift the current data quality management capabilities of a number of different high profile client groups.

Responsibilities include but not limited to:
Translating business questions to data and analysis requirements; carry out analysis, visualization and presentation.
Performing ad-hoc analysis to solve business problems and support decisions.
Design and build data products, such as Power BI dashboards, including defining the data models.
Surfacing and sharing insights, typically from internal corporate data, using a dashboard.
Run human centred design sessions with end-users.
Communicating and influencing stakeholders.
Coaching non-data experts how to use data.

To be successful in this role you will have experience in the following:
Experience in a hands-on role interpreting and telling stories with data.
Curious and business outcome focused with an ability to break down a complex problem and work out how to solve it.
Evidence of numerical and technical aptitude strong collaboration skills having worked with business stakeholders at different levels of seniority.
Comfortable working across a wide range of data sets and systems.
Expertise in cleansing, combining and processing data.
Have knowledge of SQL, with knowledge of Python an advantage.
Familiarity with Power BI and ideally data manipulation tools (e.g. Alteryx and Daraiku).

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
39,39,"Our People & Places Solutions business – reinforces our drive to improve the lives of people everywhere and epitomizes the ""why"" of what we do – the tremendous positive impact and value our solutions bring to our communities and society as a whole. From facilities delivering life-saving therapies and ensuring clean water to enabling the connection of people through all modes of transportation and providing access to technology – we're integrating a multitude of these solution elements to build the smart environments of tomorrow.

Start your Jacobs career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed – today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:

At Jacobs, we know that when it comes to a world that’s smarter, more connected and more sustainable, digital solutions are an important thread linking it all together. In our digital advisory work, we’re leveraging innovative technologies and big data analytics to solve the world’s most critical challenges. From shaping the safer cities of tomorrow, to protecting against climate change – we’re combining diverse talents with deep client-application experience and digital intelligence to deliver solutions that connect people and places with the means to work smarter and live better, and make an enduring, positive difference in the world.
We have an exciting opportunity for a Graduate Geospatial Consultant to join our Brisbane Geospatial Solutions team for an ASAP start. Our team is part of one of the largest, most diverse geospatial teams amongst Engineering and Professional Services Companies in the world. As a graduate you will have the opportunity to work with a variety of professionals in a dynamic team environment working across many sectors including infrastructure, environment, water, government, energy and Defence. Through this you will contribute to a variety of different projects and challenges – and we'll mentor you each step of the way to ensure you're set up for success.
Here’s What You’ll Need:

Ideally, you’ll hold a university degree in Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Geomatics, Information Technology, Science or similar, and you have a keen passion for GIS. This is a unique role that requires applicants to hold the right to work in Australia. Bring your curiosity, collaborative spirit and strong communication skills, and we’ll help you grow, pursue and fulfil what drives you – so we can make big impacts on the world, together.
Our 2022 Graduate Program
As a Graduate at Jacobs you’ll be a valued member of our team from Day 1 and work on real projects, bids and tenders from the get-go. Under the guidance and mentorship of our experts and industry leaders you’ll be equipped with the skills and knowledge to deliver the boldest solutions for the extraordinary and the everyday. From gaining hands-on experience to participating in networking events and structured learning sessions, you’ll find new and inventive ways to help our clients make the world a better place.
We see graduates as the future leaders of our business, which is why we’re delighted to have received the Australian Financial Review’s Top 100 Graduate Employers award for ‘Most Popular Engineering & Resources Employer’ in 2021! Our teams offer a supportive environment to help you to learn, grow and excel. No matter what drives you, you’ll discover how you can cultivate, nurture and achieve your goals – all at a single global company.
Jacobs. A world where you can.
From our inclusive employee networks, to our positive mental health champions – we’re committed to driving a culture of caring where you can be you. We know that if we are inclusive, we’re more connected, and if we are diverse, we’re more creative. We accept people for who they are, regardless of age, disability, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, mental health, race, faith or belief, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, and whether you’re pregnant or on family leave. This is reflected in our wide range of Global Employee Networks centred on inclusion and diversity – ACE, Careers, Enlace, Harambee, OneWorld, Prism, Vetnet, and Women’s Network – find out more about our employee networks here.
With safety, accessibility and flexibility always top of mind, we’ve gone beyond traditional ways of working so you have the support, means and space to maximise your potential. You’ll uncover flexible working arrangements, benefits, and opportunities to do good too – from participating in our global giving and volunteering program, to delivering ever more innovative and sustainable solutions for clients and communities.
We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage candidates of diverse backgrounds to apply.
If you require support or reasonable adjustments with regards to our recruitment process, please contact the team here.
Successful candidates may be asked to complete pre-employment checks including: Identity, Right to Work, Employment/Education History and Criminal Record. If you are unable to complete these checks or meet the associated criteria, then your offer of employment may be delayed or withdrawn.
To be considered for this role, please apply via the link and attach your CV, cover letter, proof of working rights (e.g., passport) and academic transcript to your application."
40,40,"Job no: 508986
Work type: Full time
Location: Sydney, NSW
Categories: Finance

Business Analyst – Operational Finance
Employment Type: 12 months Full Time (35 hours per week)
Remuneration: $111,044 - $125,115 + 17% Superannuation and Leave Loading
Location: Kensington, NSW (Flexible Working Options available)
About UNSW: UNSW isn’t like other places you’ve worked. Yes, we’re a large organisation with a diverse and talented community; a community doing extraordinary things. Together, we are driven to be thoughtful, practical, and purposeful in all we do. Taking this combined approach is what makes our work matter. It’s the reason we’re Australia’s number one university for impact and among the nation’s Top 20 employers. If you want a career where you can thrive, be challenged, and do meaningful work, you’re in the right place.
Be part of a team that’s delivering change at scale
Work at one of the leading places where new ideas can come to life and impact lives.
Be inspired by the talent and passion of colleagues and students
Why Your Role Matters: An exciting opportunity for two Business Analyst’s working within Process Improvement to join the Operational Finance Division. As a Business Analyst, you will be accountable for helping to identify, map, document, design & develop process improvement solutions to transform & streamline the Finance Department with initiatives that include automation, digitisation of workflow approvals, and better business insights through data analytics, reporting, and dashboards.
Responsibilities:
Partner with colleagues and customers to investigate, evaluate and document their process pain points and opportunities into business requirements.
Design, plan and recommend appropriate process adjustments & digital solution options to support the ongoing improvement of business outcomes (e.g., efficiency/ cost/ business insights) using a range of platforms including Robotic Process Automation, workflow approval forms, optical character recognition, and e-signature solutions, while also customising, updating & maintaining digital tools & programs where required
Work collaboratively with the Project Ignite Program Manager, Head of Finance Systems, Project Manager(s), Business Analyst(s) & other project team members to support projects through prioritised solution implementation (including managing project plans, scope, impact assessments, risk analysis, facilitate user acceptance testing and co-ordinating with stakeholders)
Conduct training for process owners, producing/ updating training (e.g., cheat sheets, webinars) & support documentation to enable the successful operation and support of automation capabilities when they go live
Draft and create communications of changes, recommendations, and procedures to business teams.
Design, develop and operate reports/ data visualisation to support informed decision making and tracking of benefits realisation for solutions delivered into BAU (Business as Usual) operations
Foster and maintain successful relationships with various Finance business process owners & users that span the Finance Department
Who You Are:
Completion of a degree with subsequent relevant work experience or equivalent combination of relevant experience and/or education/training.
Demonstrated interpersonal and verbal communication skills with the ability to consult, facilitate and liaise effectively with a diverse range of stakeholders to establish good working relationships.
Well-developed organisational, time management skills and experience working with project management methods and tools (Waterfall/ Scrum/Agile methodologies).
Demonstrated written communication skills with the ability to create systematic and consistent requirements specifications, reports, and other relevant documentation in clear and user-friendly language using Microsoft Power BI & PowerPoint
Experience with or knowledge of the capabilities of Robotic Process Automation (RPA), workflow automation, process mapping, and electronic signature tools.
Knowledge of or experience within a Finance Department function and structures and the supporting Finance Systems (ERP, Forecasting, Planning & Budgeting, Cash Collections, Billing & Concur Expenses) would be desirable.
Please also review a copy of the Position Description on JOBS@UNSW
Benefits and Culture: UNSW is committed to helping staff balance work-life responsibilities, by providing access to high-quality services, facilities, and flexible work and leave arrangements. Where possible, we support a hybrid approach with a combination of working from home and on our vibrant campus. It really is the best of both worlds
How to Apply: If this position interests you, please click and submit your CV or Resume and Cover Letter (Please note applicants must have full-time work rights in Australia)
Submit your application online before Tuesday 31st May 2022 at 11:55pm
Get in Touch:
Chris Haywood, UNSW Talent Coordinator
chris.haywood@unsw.edu.au
Please note applications sent to the contact above cannot be accepted.


UNSW aspires to be the exemplar Australian university and employer of choice for people from diverse backgrounds. UNSW aims to ensure equality in recruitment, development, retention, and promotion of staff and that no-one is disadvantaged on the basis of their gender, cultural background, disability, sexual orientation or identity or Indigenous heritage. We encourage everyone who meets the selection criteria to apply.
UNSW partners with Australia’s leading diversity organisations, networks, and campaigns. Please refer to UNSW’s diversity offerings for further information on our flexible work and leave options, and support for carers (childcare, parent rooms, parental leave).


Position Description
Advertised: 17 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 31 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
41,41,"Job description

Agency Department of Industry, Tourism and Work unit Fisheries Research and Field Operations

Trade

Job title Business Analyst Designation Administrative Officer 5

Job type Full Time Duration Fixed from 15/08/2022 for 3 years

Salary $84,297 - $88,687 Location Darwin

Position number 38247 RTF 240494 Closing 31/05/2022

Contact Officer Steven Matthews on 08 8999 2148 or steven.matthews@nt.gov.au

About the agency https://industry.nt.gov.au/

Apply online https://jobs.nt.gov.au/Home/JobDetails?rtfId=240494

Applications must be limited to a one-page summary sheet and detailed resume

Information for applicants – inclusion and diversity and Special Measures recruitment plans

The NTPS values diversity. The NTPS encourages people from all diversity groups to apply for vacancies and

accommodates people with disability by making reasonable workplace adjustments. If you require an adjustment for the

recruitment process or job, please discuss this with the contact officer. For more information about applying for this

position and the merit process, go to the OCPE website.

Under the agency’s Special Measures recruitment plan eligible Aboriginal applicants will be granted priority consideration

for this vacancy. For more information on Special Measures plans, go to the OCPE website.

Primary objective

Provide support to the Fisheries Senior Business Analyst to deliver business improvement projects that leverages emerging

technological and software advancements to optimise workflows and enrich the capacity and quality of service delivery.

Context statement

The work unit is implementing a contemporary and innovative digital transformation that is compatible with emerging

technological advancements. The business improvement process will evolve over time as business efficiencies take effect.

The successful applicant will be expected to have experience, knowledge and formal training in change management

principles and ability to undertake continuous personal and professional development to enhance skills that support

working in a changing environment.

Key duties and responsibilities

Work with internal and external stakeholders to assist with the management and implementation of relevant technologies

including business process mapping and analysis; translate business requirements into technical and system specifications

to optimise workflows and outcomes for stakeholders; consult with clients to analyse business processes and identify new

opportunities to enhance business systems; liaise with application developers to ensure system changes accurately reflect

requested system enhancements.

Selection criteria

Essential

1. Experience in and contemporary knowledge of business improvement technologies and methodologies, including

business process requirement mapping, system design and capture.

2. Proven experience communicating technical and complex issues in plain language and providing accurate information,

advice and analysis to a wide range of business and government technical and non-technical audiences.

3. Demonstrated high level of self-management and an ability to work simultaneously on multiple projects with the

capacity to meet deadlines, prioritise and manage timelines and workloads often imposed by Fisheries business

managers.

4. Demonstrated and effective participation as part of a team to achieve outcomes, contribute to creative solutions to

complex problems and encourage others to develop new ideas and ways of operating.

5. Demonstrated experience in the development of smart forms, workflow and reporting collaboration toolsets using K2,

Power BI, JIRA, Confluence, SQL or similar.

6. Experience and formal training in Agile Project Management Foundations or similar formal training.

Desirable

1. Tertiary qualifications in a discipline related to IT, business systems or similar.

2. Working knowledge of fisheries and fisheries data exchange or similar primary industry.

Further information

NTPS employees subject to CHO Directions No. 41 of 2022 requires workers in high risk places to have received their

third dose (booster) by 11 March 2022 and CHO Directions 52/2022 now requires remaining employees to have received

their third dose (booster) by 22 April 2022 (except where a medical exemption is granted)."
42,42,"You are a passionate data storyteller, eager to bring your analytical mindset to the table to identify key opportunities and provide actionable insights.
We are a values-driven team of analytical techsperts, who believe in the power of proof, supporting growth and getting excited over data storytelling.
Together we can lead the delivery of world-class data, analytics and technology capabilities to help build a brighter future for our customers and communities and really make a difference.
See yourself in our team
As an Insights Analyst, you’ll use data insights to help the team drive a personalised and seamless service that delights customers across all channels.
On a day to day basis you’ll:
Work collaboratively in cross-functional teams to develop direct communication initiatives that meet customer and business objectives
Proactively engage and work collaboratively with stakeholders by supplying customer insights which enables them to determine optimal contact strategies
Use data analysis coupled with your understanding of the customer and business to identify engagement and growth opportunities
Do work that matters
You’ll become part of a customer’s journey by creating unique experiences for every individual interaction. Each communication requires data-driven segmentation, eligibility and contact channel selection to ensure every customer touchpoint is highly relevant and compelling.
We’re committed to your development, career growth and training – ensuring that you’re constantly evolving and being challenged in your career. This includes exclusive training and continuous learning through our Data Academy – where you’re able to learn at your own pace all year round!
Check out what it’s like to work within the Chief Data & Analytics team.
We’re interested in hearing from people who:
Please note that we’re interested in hearing from people who might not meet all the following criteria. We’re open to working with the right candidate to fill any skill gaps during your journey at CommBank.
Think creatively and problem solve using analytics to drive decision making
Possess excellent stakeholder management and engagement skills, including written & verbal communication
Can design and develop a contact strategy and have technical delivery experience with the ability to articulate complex topics in common, non-technical terms
If this sounds like you then apply today!
At CommBank, we advocate and facilitate a culture of inclusion and respect, celebrating all cultures, abilities, genders, expressions of gender and sexual orientation Read more about our commitment to inclusion and diversity .
We believe in working for a place that works for you. We have many flexible working options within our team so talk to us about which arrangements would work best for you.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We’re committed to being an accessible employer and want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible. If you experience any accessibility issues or if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 24/05/2022"
43,43,"Date: 17-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Risk Advisory

Description:

Work on enriching client assignments with diverse teams
World-class learning and leadership programs
Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best
Based in Sydney, we are looking for Analysts who have a passion for applying data analytics tools and techniques in solving complex risk-related business problems and regulatory compliance.

What will your typical day look like?
You will focus on some of the biggest and most complex risks to our clients, working in a team that embodies trust, value and collaboration with skills in data modelling, analytics and visualisation techniques.

Your day will also involve:
Building relationships and communicating effectively with cross-functional teams to understand project complexities, the subject area to be examined and tools & techniques to be utilised
Working with clients to understand how business processes operate, identifying current business problems and providing analytical solutions to achieve clients' objectives especially with respect to remaining compliant in complex regulatory environments
Undertaking risk analyses to document business requirements, evaluate business efficiencies, identify gaps, discover areas of improvement and propose optimal business procedures in alignment with project goals and objectives
Contributing to the design and implementation of business analytics models by leveraging data and technologies in response to turning risk into an opportunity for stakeholders
Optimising business data models and queries to ensure the reliability of data accuracy and quality as well as participating in UAT activities

About the team
The Risk Analytics team carries out modelling and analyses in a number of regulation areas and industry sectors encompassing Financial services, Resources and Energy, Government and Public Services, Health and Life Sciences.

We don’t just work with our clients to manage risks, we also help them understand and grab the opportunities it presents too, helping them gain a competitive advantage. Our expertise and industry knowledge runs deep here. At Deloitte, you’ll find yourself working with and learning from some of the most inspiring and experienced colleagues and with clients who trust you to lead the way to smart choices, better control frameworks and new systems, including bespoke solutions that have a direct impact on their bottom line.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
A university degree in any discipline
Strong attention to detail with a curiosity to understand data
Experience extracting and analysing data from complex datasets and systems
A solid technical grounding in SQL or other programming languages (e.g. Python) and interested in learning new skills
Experience in visual communication of analysis (e.g. Tableau/Power BI)
Innovative thinking and a customer centric approach
A curiosity to learn about complex regulatory requirements from industry leading experts

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
44,44,"Opportunity for Recent University Graduates
Attractive Remuneration including Bonus
About Our Client
Our client has recently been acquired by a global leader in asset management, containing over $600 billion of assets under management. Being one of Australia's largest providers of construction solutions, our client has been in operation for over 50 years. They hire and sell infrastructure for temporary and permanent purposes to a variety of industries including mining, energy, construction, commercial, education, government, sport & recreation and aged care.



Job Description
The main responsibilities of this role include -
Assist in the preparation of reports and building complex data models
Devise new data collection and analysis processes
Work with key stakeholders to priorities information needs
Analyse results and report findings to the business
Identify and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Develop strategies to optimise the quality of statistical results
Maintain database
Research background materials, including relevant economic and financial data
Assist in the development of long-range financial forecasts and related budgets
The Successful Applicant
The Successful Applicant will have the following -
Bachelors degree in Business / Commerce or related discipline
Ideally 1-3 years of experience, however, will also consider graduates straight from University
Intermediate Excel skills
Strong analytic skills and problem solving
Strong communication skills
Proficient in Power BI (preferred)
What's on Offer
New office currently being built
Opportunity to develop and enhance career
flexible working arrangements
Work closely with the CFO
Attractive remuneration and bonus
Flexible working arrangements
Contact
Emma Peacock
Quote job ref
JN-052022-5602338
Phone number
+61 7 3414 6149"
45,45,"Analyst, Data Management – 9 Month Maximum Term contract


Opportunity for an Analyst to join a growing Data & Analytics team focusing on investment performance
Use your SQL skills to work in an engaging, autonomous problem solving role while being part of a team
Role would also suit a solutions developer from within Financial Services looking to move into Data Management


TCorp provides best-in-class investment management, financial management, solutions and advice to the New South Wales (NSW) public sector. With A$113 billion of assets under management, TCorp is a top 5 Australian investment manager and is the central borrowing authority of the state of NSW, with a balance sheet of A$132 billion. It is rated Aaa (Stable) by Moody’s and AA+ (Stable) by S&P.



TCorp champions and protects the financial interests of the state and delivers sustainable returns and financial efficiencies that allow its clients to achieve their broader business objectives. TCorp delivers this through its expert team, ability to anticipate the future needs of the state and with a deep understanding of the unique needs of the NSW Government family. We work exclusively for the NSW Government and public sector entities.


The mission of the Operations division is to enable TCorp’s strategy. Our functions include the Enterprise Programme Management Office (EPMO), Investment Operations (IO), Financial Markets Operations (FMO), Finance & Settlements (F&S), Data & Analytics (D&A) and Board Secretariat.


The D&A team plays a strategic role in enabling best-in class investment implementation and reporting on behalf of TCorp’s clients. The team is responsible for the data life cycle of TCorp's investments data from acquisition to stewardship and distribution. In addition to portfolio reporting, the Analytics function is, in partnership with portfolio management and other stakeholders, responsible for analytical methodology development and deployment to enable decision making and accountability within TCorp's Investments function.


As a member of the D&A team, the primary purpose of this role is to ensure the day to day functioning of the TCorp Data Operating Model. The Analyst will focus on the operations pertaining to the Matrix Operational Data Store and the TCorp Enterprise Datastore. This role will best suit an independent curious mind who enjoys problem solving with the resources available to them but also have the ability to work as part of a team to drive outcomes.


The Analyst, Data Management, will be accountable for:
Maintenance and verification of fund static data.
Monitoring and escalating issues pertaining to daily processes (Azure Data Factory, Visual Cron).
Data Quality management – creation of new check rules, testing and verification of SQL functions.
Data Model configuration – onboarding and loading of new datasets (SQL).
System Regression testing.
Contributing to improvement of current data management capability and processes.
Stakeholder communication to facilitate deployment of robust and repeatable data solutions.
Contributing to measurable data quality improvement within relevant data domains.
Escalating and documenting automation and efficiency opportunities to drive process improvement.
Other operational data management functions as required.


An ability to work independently while also recognising when to escalate, strong attention to detail in technical matters, demonstrated understanding of scalable data validation concepts and good communication skills are essential.


To succeed in this role, you should have tertiary qualifications in mathematics or quantitative based disciplines (and / or demonstrated relevant experience gained within the financial services industry) with strong SQL programming skills combined with Microsoft Excel capability. Demonstrated experience in stakeholder management and the ability to work with stakeholders within a complex environment will be viewed favourably.


At TCorp we actively collaborate with our stakeholders to achieve the best outcomes for our clients and the state of NSW. We aim to build an inclusive culture so we can benefit from each employee’s unique perspective and contribution. We also understand the importance of flexible working and we support our people to balance their commitments and thrive both professionally and personally.


Please submit your application via our careers portal and include a cover letter setting out how your background and capabilities align to our selection criteria and how this role fits with your career goals. Please also note your salary expectations in the relevant section of the portal. No agency candidates please.


TCorp’s COVID-19 Vaccination Policy requires all new employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved medical exemption. You will need to provide evidence of vaccination prior to attending a face-to-face interview and proof of vaccination or medical exemption will be required prior to any offer of employment being made."
46,46,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time / 2 Years
Organisation: Department of Education and Training
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Research
Reference: VG/DET/PSPG/20009997A
Are you an experienced data analyst, with broad administration and communication skills, comfortable with learning new skills in an ever-changing environment? Seeking a high performer who can undertake technical data preparation and presentation, work with stakeholders to define and document requirements, and manage competing priorities in a fast-paced role.
Fixed Term - Full Time - 2 Years
The purpose of this role is to support is the management of the data request process and analytical tasks related to the school performance reporting, including design of new reports, and responding to ad-hoc data requests.
This position will combine business understanding, highly visual and intuitive communications methods, and customer service skills to deliver information products and service data requests.
The role tasks include managing and responding to data requests, confirming requirements by liaising with stakeholders, extracting data, undertaking data analysis, linking datasets, presenting data in a visually engaging way, and writing a performance narrative.
For more details regarding this position please see attached position description.
Department of Education and Training is committed to diversity. The Department places considerable effort and resources into responding to the needs of staff with a disability. People from disadvantaged groups are encouraged to apply for this position. If you require assistance, with the recruitment process, have accessibility or adjustment requirements, please communicate with the contact person listed on this job advertisement or contact the People Division via email: vps.hr.services@edumail.vic.gov.au
Information about the Department of Education and Training's operations and employment conditions can be obtained from the following websites: www.education.vic.gov.au and http://www.education.vic.gov.au/hrweb/Pages/default.aspx.
Applications close 18 May 2022."
47,47,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Sky Media is the advertising sales arm of Sky, offering businesses of all shapes and sizes an exciting array of opportunities on TV, online and on the go. Reaching over 95% of the UK population, Sky Media represents all of Sky’s channels and sites including Sky Sports, Sky News, Sky One, Sky Cinema, Sky Arts, Sky Atlantic and Sky Witness. Sky Media also sells on behalf of a range of renowned broadcasters and channels including Channel 5, Discovery, National Geographic, MTV, FOX, Nickelodeon and Comedy Central.
Sky Media is on a journey to transform its data and insight capabilities in order to drive its future roadmap and ensure long-term success. This role sits at the heart of this strategy enabling Sky Media extract more revenue and profit through best in class operational insights.

What you'll do:
You will be working closely with stakeholders from other business areas within Sky Media (i.e. Commercial teams, Planning teams) on analytical projects
You will have the opportunity to develop hypotheses to explore and avenues of opportunity when presented with business asks
Be the lead analyst on analytical projects, working quickly and independently to produce commercial recommendations
You will extract the data required to run analysis to produce reliable and robust results
Be able to summarise your findings in a commercial focused and actionable way. You will need to articulate reasons for performance in segments of our base and what improvement actions could be taken, overseeing the implementation of your insights.
You will develop scalable and repeatable reports and dashboards using Data Visualisation Tools and regularly summarise insights to influence decision making

What you'll bring:

Understanding Business Issues: working with stakeholders to understand their decisions and the opportunities these present
Designing an Analytical Approach: based on your knowledge of our data and analysis techniques, design a technical approach to addressing the business issue. Logical, end to end thinking from the outset.
Experience in working with handling large data sets (particularly operational data) in a cloud-based platform such as Google Cloud Platform (GCP) product
Experience in SQL is essential. SAS, Python, R or other analysis and modelling packages are useful.
Degree level qualification in mathematics, statistics or data science subject area
Creating and Presenting Insights: summarising patterns and findings in a convincing story and professionally presenting this to stakeholders
Commercial interest: Keen interest in the media industry and a desire to follow recent trends in the market.
Working in a dynamic environment: Enjoys working in an innovative and creative environment. Enjoys task-focused delivery, a fast pace of work and overcoming challenges. Good multi-tasking abilities, flexibility, and patience in a fluid environment

The Rewards
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband

Where you'll work:
Our Osterley campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Chiswick Park, Gunnersbury, Acton Town and Ealing Broadway tube stations. There’s also plenty of parking, bike shelters and showers.
On campus you’ll find six subsidised restaurants and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:
Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, So we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about."
48,48,"Diona is an award-winning business built on a solid reputation and more than 38 years’ experience. We are specialists in cable laying installations, water, sewer and gas pipelines, as well as drainage and concrete construction. Our services encompass every aspect of utility infrastructure design and construction.
We are currently looking for a Data Analyst who will assist us deliver water infrastructure project in South East Queensland. As a Data Analyst Graduate you will have the confidence to work autonomously, and reporting to the Cost Control Team will deliver exceptional outcomes for our clients as well as:
Manage the integration of project data from various sources such as schedule, timesheets, forecast and billing
Support our Quantity Surveyor in producing progress claims
Support Project Managers in the analysis of project data
Produce weekly project reporting
Support the Program Manager in producing Monthly Report
Support the improvement and development of reporting tools
Identify opportunities to improve data collection processes
WHO YOU ARE
The successful applicant will have 2+ years’ experience in a similar role working on construction and utility projects as well as :
Experience developing data models within Power BI
Understanding of Data Structures and Relationships
Deep understanding of Microsoft 365 Software (i.e. Microsoft Excel)
Experience in Project Cost Management
Earned Value Management
Knowledge of scheduling software (such as P6 desirable)
WHY DIONA?
We provide a diverse and inclusive work environment and because we believe that people are our most valuable asset, we invest in, and support our employees’ personal and professional growth. Some of the ways we do this is through ongoing professional development, leadership and mentoring programs, paid parental leave and professional memberships and subscriptions.
WHAT NOW?
If this sounds like the opportunity for you then APPLY NOW or if you require further information, contact Marnie Stewart on careers@calibregroup.com for a confidential discussion."
49,49,"Just as aluminum is the element of possibility, so too, are our current and future employees. We relentlessly pursue outstanding and sustainable results and creatively transform ideas into value. At Alcoa you can quickly make your mark, impact your world and grow your career. Alcoa is a truly global company with many locations worldwide. The majority of our hiring takes place in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Iceland, Hungary, The Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and the United States. While some roles are based on-site, Alcoa also offers a flexible working model for certain positions. Come learn what’s possible for you!
About the job
An exciting opportunity exists for a solution focused professional that is passionate about data analytics to join our global Information Technology & Automations Solutions team!
Reporting into our Data Management & Analytics Manager, in this role you will be capturing customer requirements and developing effective solutions that will meet the needs of our technical and reference architectures in Azure and Power BI. With a process driven mindset, you will establish enterprise data management governance and tools that will enable rapid data access, leading to value creation and appropriate access controls.

Additionally, you will define the data management vision and assist in leveraging the organisation to be more data driven by:
Providing mentorship to different teams in the organisation on data management architecture and framework.
Building and maintaining detailed documentation and implementing sustainable strategies, data quality standards and operating procedures, supporting with development of internal dashboards and reporting across various functions.
Partnering with BI developers and guiding them to build and improve data management and analytical solutions.
Driving the collection of business definitions, taxonomies, and linkage to technical lineage within the metadata tool.
Maintaining and improving the governance processes for self-service Power BI business intelligence.
Located at our HQ in Booragoon, you will have access to free on-site parking, Garden City Shopping Centre at your doorstep and the flexibility to work remotely enabling a positive work-life balance. Being part of a global team, some flexibility to attend late-night calls and after hours may be required to collaborate with and take part in global team meetings.
About you
To play a part in our ongoing success we are seeking someone with:
Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related Information Technology discipline.
Experienced working with analytical and data visualisation tools and techniques, including recent skills in Microsoft Power BI and background in Azure Data Factory and SQL database.
Proven ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with business users, cross functional and culturally diverse teams.
Solid experience performing enterprise data management activities, interpreting data policy, and conducting impact analysis for data related changes.
Expertise with an enterprise data in warehouses/marts, master data management, dimensional data models, and data quality. Knowledge in Azure Data Bricks, Data Lake, Python or R Programming is desirable.
A creative approach to problem solving, is a self-starter and detail oriented with the capacity to learn and capability to work independently.
Why Alcoa?
Our values – act with integrity, operate with excellence, care for people, lead with courage – are at the foundation of everything we do.
At Alcoa we strive to create an inclusive workplace where employees can bring their whole selves to work regardless of their background. We know it starts and finishes with you, which is why our value ‘care for people’ is so important to us. It ensures not only your physical safety but also provides an inclusive and welcoming workplace for people from all walks of life, encouraging diversity of thought from each and every person.
We embrace change, new ideas and promote a culture of respect and equal opportunity. Our employment programs are underpinned by diversity and equality and continue to be recognised and rewarded. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, women and LGBTIQ+ job seekers.
As an Alcoa employee, you will embark on growth opportunities and can truly make a difference being part of an organisation that respects and considers flexibility whilst empowering you with stimulating and challenging work.
Flexible work arrangements may be considered, please let us know when you apply if this is something you are seeking.
What’s on offer?
Attractive remuneration package
Monthly Leisure Day & benefits allowance
Performance related bonus (variable)
Industry leading superannuation
Generous parental leave scheme
Paid annual volunteering hours
Employee Assistance Program
Novated Car Leasing Scheme
Employee inclusion groups including the Social Club, Alcoa Women’s Network and EAGLE (Employees at Alcoa for Gay, Lesbian, bisexual and transgender Equality)
Our Locations
Alcoa’s Australian operations represent one of the world’s largest integrated bauxite mining, alumina refining and aluminium smelting systems and add value to Australia’s local, state and national economies at every stage. Our Australian operations support approximately 4,370 direct jobs including multiple entry talent pathways/programs, predominantly in regional Western Australia.
Supported by our head office in Booragoon and the Bindjareb Regional office in Pinjarra, our operations include: our world-class Technology Development Centre of Excellence (COE), two bauxite mines in Western Australia (Huntly and Willowdale); three alumina refineries in Western Australia (Kwinana, Pinjarra and Wagerup); one aluminium smelter in Victoria (Portland); two dedicated port facilities in Western Australia (Kwinana and Bunbury); and two Alcoa Farmlands sites in Western Australia (Pinjarra and Wagerup).
Applications close
Wednesday, 18 May 2022

Western Australia Locations – COVID-19 Vaccination
All appointments are made subject to the successful applicant providing evidence that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 in line with WA State Government’s Resources Industry Worker (Restrictions on Access) Directions.
Please note that if you are progressed to an interview for this role you will be asked to provide proof of COVID-19 vaccination, or a valid exemption.
Alcoa respects your privacy and will hold, use and disclose the information as required of us by law.
Alcoa employee’s proof of vaccination is managed internally through our medical centres.
Additional information
You will only be contacted if you are shortlisted for an interview, this process can take up to four weeks from the closing date.
This position is available only to permanent Australian residents or applicants who hold the relevant Visa with authority to work in Australia. Please ensure this information is clearly stated on your application.
Please note that no agency applications will be accepted at this time.
#LI-JR1"
0,0,"Job no: 517810
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra, Parramatta, Sydney, Wollongong, Penrith, Rhodes, Newcastle/Hunter
Division: Audit, Assurance & Risk Consulting

KPMG Australia is part of a global network providing extensive services across a wide range of industries and sectors. Our people collaborate, share their expertise and create innovation as we partner with clients to solve complex challenges, empower change, drive disruption and growth. We look for talented people with the potential to make an extraordinary difference for our clients, our firm, and our communities.
Our national Risk Assurance Data and Digital Deployment (RA3D) team are seeking some excellent people to join our rapidly growing team. We are an inclusive and dynamic team committed to driving innovation, delivering client outcomes, and making an impact. The strength of our team lies in the diversity of the background and skillset of each member, fostered in a collaborative environment.
Our vision is to provide our clients with on-demand, fit-for-purpose, Data & Analytics services to support their assurance needs.
Our RA3D team work closely with other service lines within KPMG’s Risk Assurance division to support the delivery of complex and data driven solutions to help clients create value and facilitate data-driven risk-based business decisions.
Key Responsibilities
You will work and be supported by a team with deep experience in delivering data-led engagements for a wide range of clients. Your role will include:
Managing and executing multiple activities, projects or components of larger scale programs and delivers high quality services on time within budget.
Building effective relationships with executive clients and sponsors.
Effetely manages and maintains contact with internal and external stakeholders to understand business needs and clearly articulate the approach and insights for data-led engagements.
Lead the planning and delivery for a portfolio of projects, including supervising junior team members in the delivery of a project.
Actively participate in sales pursuits and business development opportunities.
Use analytical and visualisation tools to transform, analyse and visualise client data to help clients solve business problems and facilitate and inform decision making.
Translate complex technical concepts into meaningful insights for businesses to understand.
Assist in the growth of data analytics capability across the Risk Assurance team more broadly.
How are you Extraordinary?

The successful applicant will possess the following characteristics:
Highly experienced in use of Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, Python. Also, but not mandatory, it would be well regarded to have some exposure with other analytic tools or coding languages beneficial, e.g. Celonis, Qlik, R, etc.
Be a critical thinker with strong analytical, problem-solving skills, highly organised with the ability to effectively manage multiple priorities and projects.
Have an ability to interpret findings and identify key insights to communicate to a non-technical audience
Exposure to varied industry sectors including any or all of the following – Energy and Natural Resources, Government, Retail or Financial Services working in an analyst capacity.
Tertiary qualification(s), preferably:
Commerce
Economics
Mathematics/Statistics
Data science
Engineering
The ability to engage with clients and develop meaningful relationships to aid in business development
The KPMG Difference

Our people are focused on creating a diverse and dynamic environment that embraces and values differences. We value the variety of unique experiences, qualities and characteristics our people possess, and we share and learn from each other.

We are proud to be consistently recognized as an employer of choice for women, and for our achievements in LGBT+ workplace inclusion.

Our commitment to ‘Flexibility’ allows our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal or family life. Explore the links below to hear our people share their experience @ KPMG
Flexibility empowers wellbeing

Flexibility enables contribution to the community

Flexibility inspires technology & innovation

Flexibility supports family

Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
Advertised: 03 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 31 Jul 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
1,1,"Cyber security is one of the fastest growing priorities across industries, with over half of developers expecting it to become even more important over the next 12-18 months.
Here at Secure Code Warrior (SCW), we’re focused on transforming security and compliance from a check-box on the roadmap to an always-on mindset across the DevOps cycle. Our approach focuses on upskilling developers through gamification of learning and integrating with their preferred tool sets, such as GitLab and Atlassian. With SCW, companies are able to differentiate from their competition, and ship code faster and more securely than ever.
Founded in 2015 out of Australia, we are a truly global remote-first company with employees all across the globe including Australia, America, Belgium, England, Iceland and more. Plus, an exciting list of global brands that we’re proud to include as our customers, such as JP Morgan Chase & Co, Zoom, and Atlassian.
After raising Series B in 2019, from firms such as Goldman Sachs and Cisco Investments, we’re excited to be in the next phase of our growth, focusing on scaling the business to bring secure coding education and developer tools to the world!
*
Top Employee Benefits: *
Global Flexible Work Schedule
Unlimited Paid Time Off (really, we mean it!)
Equity/Share Options
Remote/ Optional Hybrid (Office space available in some locations)
12 Weeks Gender Neutral Parental Leave
*
US Employees: *
Fully Paid Health, Vision, and Dental for Employees and Dependants
401k w/ Match
This is a brand new role where you will have an opportunity to join our Customer Operations Team and ultimately support the team with providing key customer data & insights.
The successful candidate will, most importantly, have the drive to learn, grow and be an integral part of the team as well as have the demonstrated ability to work with Data Analytics and Insights.
Key Responsibilities:
Work with the Customer Leadership team to provide analysed data which identifies trends, gaps and potential opportunities.
Provide the Customer team with standard reports and dashboards so they can best work with their customers as well as answering any questions they may have.
Continuously look for ways to improve the Customer Success CRM for ease of use and automation opportunities.
Build workflow and documentation for customer success processes
Use insights to continuously improve and iterate
You will manage the Customer Success CRM, creating automations.
Partner with our Customer Success and Renewal team to support their operational needs
Skills required:
At least 2 years experience in a similar or relevant role across Data Analytics, Insights, Customer Insights, Customer Data
Thrive in a fast paced, team environment, is self-motivated, and very detail-oriented with proven problem solving skills.
You are data driven and love digging into data sets to identify trends, gaps and opportunities.
Have strong Time Management capability and ability to prioritise tasks.
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal.
#LI-Remote
You're joining us at an exciting stage in our journey, and are key to our future success. You’ll have the opportunity to create impact, deliver on your ideas, and use your spark; experience and expertise to help us live long and prosper.
Warriors have full flexibility. We appreciate that you’ll do your best work when you’re rested and energized. With our business operating globally, there’s no 9-5 grind at Secure Code Warrior. You’re encouraged to work the days, times and in the way that suits your best. We also offer generous leave and work from home options so you can make work work for you.
We’re a tight-knit team that values humility, diversity, giving back to the community and to each other. Giving back is key to being a Warrior, and we do what we can to make the world a little bit brighter as we work to make it more secure.
Diversity. Inclusion. They’re more than just words for us. They’re the hard-and-fast principles guiding how we build our teams, cultivate leaders and create a company where every single person feels safe and celebrated. We have a global, multicultural following—we want to reflect that inside our walls and ensure people come as they are, we like it that way!
Job Type: Full-time"
2,2,"Company Description

Nearmap is unique. A global technology company with incredible people; a market-leader with energy and spirit. Nearmap was named as one of the world’s 10 Most Innovative Companies of 2020 by Fast Company magazine – and we’re growing.

If you join us on this exciting journey, you’ll love our inclusive values and share our ambition to become the source of truth that helps shape decisions for the liveable world.

What we do
We provide easy, instant access to high-resolution aerial imagery, city-scale 3D content, AI datasets and integrated geospatial tools, with wide-scale coverage across the USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. At the core of it, we’re a location content company, a visual analytics company, and a software as a service company. Innovation is weaved into our DNA.
We are rapidly expanding and are looking for a smart and motivated data analyst to join our growing team. The Data Analyst is responsible for driving analysis of commercial and sales performance and key initiatives of the Company. By liaising with stakeholders across the company, you will understand key strategic, operational and business issues facing the organisation, research and analyse the trends, issues and potential outcomes, and adopt a ‘hands-on’ approach to implementation and validation of project outcomes. The primary focus will be on the Sales & Financial commercial models, driving understanding and implementation of optimal reporting, systems and processes and shaping the operational landscape.


Job Description

Commercial modelling – understanding of business drivers and key performance metrics. Access and analyse data to create models that illustrate trends in the customer base and within internal teams
Participating in exploratory data analysis (EDA) as part of the wider Data & Analytics team activities to surface new, novel and insightful analysis
Identifying customer behavioural segments by combining business knowledge with quantitative trends
Continue championing Looker/other data visualisation systems at NEA by driving adoption, training, troubleshooting and novel ways of data visualisation that tells a compelling story
Building dashboards and visual reporting templates to bring trends, patterns and analysis to life. Communicate analytical findings, including through reports, presentations and data visualisation
Acting as a data custodian for Sales and Finance as part of our ambition to have properly governed data at NEA - coordinating with stewards and data owners to ensure compliance with data access and security policies and help drive company-wide data handling procedures
Defining business requirements, gathering critical information, implementing and reporting them back to stakeholders. Creating and presenting business cases.
Providing strategic, financial and operational insights that help the decision-making process, and align capital and resource allocation within the business.
Playing a key part in identifying Sales and Finance metrics, devise reporting solutions and help business track performance by creating dashboards, building automated alerts and
Analysis and insights on strategic business issues, including:
Global market intelligence / industry trends
Market size and penetration analysis
Analysis of competitive landscape
Geographic and International rollout and expansion strategy and business cases
Product & pricing analysis
Build strong relationships through engagement with colleagues, project managers and other key stakeholders across the business.


Qualifications

3 – 5 years’ experience in an analyst role where you were responsible for applying data driven insights to recommendations in commercial settings.
Demonstrated ability to analyse both qualitative and quantitative information objectively
Experience in forecasting, financial analysis and understanding key performance indicators
Understanding of web based financial and ERP systems (Salesforce, Zuora, Looker, Marketing Information Platforms and Finance Systems experience preferred)
Strong understanding of web based and IT technologies
Advanced Excel skills
Experience in BI, data warehousing, statistical or reporting tools, as well as SQL and Tableau
Ability to liaise with internal and external clients at all levels with the capacity to negotiate and resolve conflict with clients, staff and management representatives
Hands on self-starter, with exceptional detailed oriented analytical, inquisitive and conceptual thinking skills
Experience working with senior decision makers and working closely with stakeholders to determine acceptable solutions
Relevant tertiary qualifications in business or related field

Additional Information

Some of our benefits
Nearmap takes a holistic approach to our employees’ emotional, physical and financial wellness. Our current benefits include access to the Nearmap employee share scheme, short and long-term financial incentives, flexible working options, paid volunteer days, gym and phone rebates, and lots of development opportunities including hack-a-thons and pitch-fests.

Working at Nearmap
We move fast and work smart; often wearing multiple hats. We adapted to remote working with ease and are continually looking at ways to improve. We’re proud of our inclusive, supportive culture, and maintain a safe environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging and can be themselves.

If you can see yourself working at Nearmap and feel you have the right level of experience, we invite you to get in touch.

Watch our culture video below to find out more about what a day in the life at Nearmap looks like.

Nearmap does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies and search firms. Please do not email or send unsolicited resumes to any Nearmap employee, location or address. Nearmap is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
3,3,"Chevron is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and has been present in Australia for more than 70 years. Chevron Australia operates the Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG projects; manages an equal one-sixth interest in the North West Shelf Venture; operates Australia’s largest onshore oilfield on Barrow Island; and delivers quality fuel products and services across Australia via Puma Energy.

At Chevron you'll discover a world of extraordinary opportunity, challenge and fulfillment where you can pursue goals, develop new skills, change career paths in addition to a diverse and inclusive environment.
about the role

Chevron Australia has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join the Data and Insights team. Reporting to the Sub Chapter Head of Data Engineering, this permanent role will be based in Perth.

At Chevron Australia, we believe humanity can solve any challenge – including meeting the world’s energy needs of today, while advancing a cleaner energy tomorrow.

We know our greatest resource is the ingenuity, creativity and innovation of our people. Applications from motivated, talented individuals with a keen interest in the energy industry are encouraged.

We are seeking a Data Analyst who will provide expertise on how business workflows map to data, and how data can be integrated to build reusable data products. The Data Analyst will also serve as a subject matter expert for delivery teams.

Additionally, the role’s duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Understand the business use of data and stakeholder requirements to support work processes and strategic business objectives.
Work with business (digital platform, Business Units, function teams) and delivery teams to provide data management direction and support for data foundation initiatives and data products development.
Analyze current state of data management: process, practices, tools, and help shape future needs. Contributing to the design of common information models.
Assess data quality concerns specific to workflow solutions being adopted and driving mitigation activities.
Advise on the appropriate data integration patterns, data modelling and data quality.
Maintain and sharing knowledge of requirements, key data types and data definitions, data stores, data creation process.
about you

We encourage applications from motivated and talented individuals with energy industry experience.

Competency Requirements:

Leadership
Act as the conduit between the business and the portfolio to gather, articulate and define the customers’ requirements.
Take ownership of work, priorities and deliver to agreed standards.
Build Relationships, Teamwork and Collaboration
Ability to build trusted relationships with customers
Work collaboratively in an agile construct & seek diverse perspective
Work with global teams and across time zones while seeking ways to maintain work life balance through asynchronous communications.
Innovation and Growth Mindset
Provide feedback & be receptive to feedback received. Share best practices.
Align and contribute to the overarching standards, tools and processes for the Data Engineering organization.
Technical Requirements:
Equivalent experience in Computer Science, Information Management Systems, Computer Engineering or related fields
Knowledge and experience with cloud computing, big data computing, data acquisition, wrangling and preparation, business process and data modelling, data strategy, policies, and governance and software engineering using technologies such as: Power BI, Azure Data Factory (ETL) Microsoft Azure, Databricks and Python.
what we can offer you

Everything we do at Chevron is guided by our values and our commitment to The Chevron Way. At the heart of The Chevron Way is our vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership, and performance.

Participate in world-leading energy projects, advance your professional development and expand your career within an inclusive, collaborative and high-performing workplace.

Here are just some of the benefits a career at Chevron provides:
A commitment to supporting work-life balance with flexible working arrangements, a compressed working week (nine-day fortnight)
A competitive remuneration package, including bonus scheme and Recognition and Awards program
Health and wellness offerings including gap-free GP services, fitness classes, gym access and mental health support
diversity & inclusion
Chevron Australia values inclusivity and promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome contributions from all people. We actively encourage people of all abilities, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, diverse cultures and backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ identities, and all age groups to apply. To be a part of our success, apply now.
how to apply
You must have the right to live and work in this location to apply for this job.
Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 19 May 2022

Click APPLY to submit your application.

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law."
4,4,"Data is exploding
The demand for great data analysts and data scientists has never been higher than it is today. There simply aren't enough to fill the positions being advertised.
The Data School Australia is creating the next generation of great data analysts and data scientists.
If you are passionate about data, we have the best way to get you into your new data career.
How does it work?
The successful applicants will be immersed in 4 months of intensive classroom training based on the market-leading technologies, Tableau and Alteryx.
In addition, you will be trained in all the soft skills needed to become a consultant from our team of experts.
The classroom training is followed by four 6-month client engagements with Australia's leading organisations to give you real-world experience to kick-start your new career.
Do I get paid to learn?
Yes. The Data School offers you a competitive salary while you study and gain valuable industry experience.
Key dates
The Data School takes on new consultants three times each year. The starting dates for each round are April, August and November.
The applications for the August 2022 intake close on the 30th May 2022
What’s in it for you
Become a guru in Tableau, the market-leading data visualisation technology
Become a guru in Alteryx, the market-leading data analytics platform
It’s not just data that’s important – learn soft skills that are crucial for your success as a data consultant
Gain real-world experience by working with the leading organisations in Australia
Learn from the best data and analytics experts in Australia
Study in a creative workspace in central Sydney
Details of the role
Four months of classroom training
Four client engagements, each 6 months long
The result is a 28 month, fixed-term contract to start your new career as a data consultant
$56,000 per annum that will increase in the second year
We’re sorry – we can’t sponsor you, so make sure you can work in Australia
When you finish the contract, the world is your oyster. You can stay on as a consultant and work on some fascinating projects or step out into the big wide world of data that has been opened up to you
What we’re looking for
Here at the Data School, we don’t look at what’s on your CV or your experience.
What we are looking for is :
Passion – we want you to want it, to have a true desire to learn and motivation to improve yourself and your skills every day
Data-driven minds - you love the idea of immersing yourself in data to drive meaningful insights and create jaw-dropping outcomes
Tech-Savvy – we don’t need you to have experience, but working with tech comes naturally to you, and you enjoy it
Curiosity – questions are falling out of your mouth, you always want to know how and why
Resourcefulness – sometimes, the answers aren’t always in front of you, you’ll need ingenuity and resourcefulness to find answers to those questions you’re asking
Fast learner – picking new things up every day whilst retaining previous knowledge will help you be successful in this role
Creativity - the goal is delivering outcomes. You’ll need creativity to deliver those outcomes in meaningful, digestible forms
Application Process
We do things differently and we’re proud of it.
So forget about the application process you might be used to.
Here’s how the process works:
Join Tableau - Join the community and download Tableau Public by creating a new account.
Get inspired – Check out Tableau Public Gallery, there are brilliant examples for you to look at and research.
Find your data - Choose any data set you want! We mean it; from politics to sport, TV and popular culture. Tableau provide many data sets on their resources page.
Create your Viz - Now the fun begins! Once you have your data set, you can begin creating your winning viz!
Share it with us - Once your work is live on Tableau Public, send it to us by filling in the application form on our website! https://www.thedataschool.com.au/apply/
The Interview - If you impress us with your passion, innovation and understanding of data, you will be invited to an interview with our Head Coach and you've started the application
We are taking applications for places at all times. If you share the same inquisitive nature, have a passion for getting to the truth by way of data, then register your interest. Send us your contact details to receive more information on starting your new career in DATA.
Application Deadline: 30/5/2022
Expected Start Date: 1/8/2022
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $56,000.00 – $58,000.00 per year
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $56,000.00 – $58,000.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)
Application Deadline: 30/05/2022"
5,5,"Flexible Work arrangments
Exciting InsurTech with lots of opportunties
Based in Sydney CBD
BizCover who?
You haven’t heard of us? We dominate the SME business insurance market by having an online platform that makes comparing and buying business insurance a super easy process. Not to toot our own horn but we have been recognized in Deloittes fast 50 companies as one of the fastest growing technology companies and Westpac’s top 20 businesses of tomorrow - #killingit
So What?
As a rapidly growing Insuretech company we are a Digital-first environment with a lot of data to leverage, and we need an Agile Business Analyst to join our growing guild of Business Analysts, Scrum Masters and customer fanatics! Collaboration, knowledge sharing and being a creative problem solver is the key to success in this team, so we are looking for a likeminded Business Analyst to grow with us!
What you'll be doing?
As an Agile Business Analyst, you will be working in our Data Analytics team, helping BizCover to become data driven, developing key metrics, mapping data flows and business activities, and supporting the creation and testing of value opportunities, as well as projects to industrialise that value.
Day to day you will be –
Collaborating with data users across our business to understand our processes, defining new measures, clarifying definitions, and sharing knowledge across data teams.
Interacting collaboratively with the Product Owner to ensure that user stories are ready to be worked on by the analytics team and cross-functional team members.
Working alongside Data Scientists and Data Analysts, assisting them with your knowledge of BizCover data and process, and supporting their Agile process.
Working with stakeholders across BizCover's operations, spanning our digital front end, customer touch points, back-end platforms, and our value-centric customer and product processes.
Supporting the complete Analytics lifecycle from insights and hypotheses testing, to measuring and integrating that value into business as usual.
Flexing your full BA toolkit:
Capturing Use-Case
Modelling as-is and to-be Business Processes in BPM
Writing clear user-stories and acceptance criteria
Drawing sequence diagrams, DFD’s, and UML diagrams
Validating Requirement Traceability Matrices
Producing Functional Design Documents
Assisting the data developers and the quality assurance team in delivering the agreed user stories (i.e. 3-way handshake).
Helping the product owner in coaching and assisting more junior resources.
Working with a dream data and analytics stack including Snowflake and AWS.
**
Who we want
To be a good fit for our team, we want creative problem solvers who ask “how” a lot! You’ll be expected to own your work, engaging and collaborating with others when needed, and are comfortable facilitating meetings with multiple stakeholders.
The essentials we expect you to have:
Familiarity with Agile rituals. (stand ups, refinement, retrospectives, etc.)
3+ years’ of demonstrated experience as a Business Analyst.
A proven track record of solid experience in the primary Business Analysis activities: requirement elicitation, business process modelling, requirement analysis, fit/gap analysis, stakeholder management, cost/benefit analysis
The tendency to capture and structure knowledge and documentation.
The ability to work closely with stakeholders and effectively manage their expectations
Excellent communication skills (both spoken and written)
Knowledge of JIRA and Confluence in an Agile methodology
Basic SQL proficiency
Strong experience in working according to Agile and Kanban practices
Proven ability to deal with ambiguity and conflicting priorities
Proven organisational, time management and leadership skills
Strong work ethic and milestone-oriented mindsets (e.g. be on-time, deliver on-time)
Very strong meeting and workshop facilitation skills
Willingness to perform the Business Analyst role in a small business (< 200 employees) within a fast-pacing and fast-changing environment
Thrive in a collaborative environment and enjoy working as part of a team
**
Bonus points if you have:
Exposure to projects or teams working with machine learning and data science models.
Experience working within the insurance industry, in any area exposed to insurance products, whether its rating, claims, underwriting questions, or customer service.
Experience writing a business case.
Exposure as a Scrum Master including but not limited to: running stand-ups, analysing burndown charts, measuring velocity, assessing sprint-readiness, etc.
Some of the perks
Attractive salary package with bonus potential!
Flexible working environment
Team/company events
Games area with Table tennis, Sofas, Xbox, chess
Casual dress code
Growing company with huge progression opportunities
What Kind of Person Works Well in our Company
Diversity of employees makes for a creative and fun workplace. BizCover is a melting pot of cultures and personalities, but to constantly strive to be the best we can, we look for people who are –
Customer Fanatics - noun: a person who delivers a first class customer experience every time
Drumbeaters - noun: a person who enthusiastically celebrates and supports their teammates and the business
Advancer - noun: a person who always wants to do better
Finishers - noun: a person you can trust to get it done
Job Type: Full-time"
6,6,"Insight Analyst
Do you want to be part of a growing global business? Would you like to solve real problems for some of the world's leading retail brands and be part of a supportive team of like-minded people? We're on a huge journey and we want you on onboard.
At Retail Insight our mission is to reinvent retail operations through advanced analytics, growing sales and profitability across the globe. To continue to do this and be the best we need more talented individuals to join our team.
A bit about the role:
The Insight Analyst at RI is responsible for developing a deep understanding of retail and the specific challenges we are addressing for our customers, from their data, through solution options to alignment to business processes and colleague execution. Your knowledge, fundamental understanding and application of our solution set, will enable you to support delivery, derive systemic insight and improve products, to ensure customer value is delivered and successful renewals achieved.
Due to growth, we are looking for an Insight Analyst to join our existing Analysis team and work closely with operational counterparts in Customer Relationship Management, Engineering and DevOps.
With an initial focus on our availability system, you'll be helping our customers identify salesability issues in their store, but also helping them identify ways to change the way they operate their business through data.
Here are some examples of what you might be doing:
Support the Customer, Customer Relationship Manager and Insight Manager to delight our client.
Become the expert on our customers data and value application of our solution output of our products
Work closely with the Engineering teams to problem solve, test system changes and hand over any system defects that need further investigation.
Leverage new and acquired knowledge of store operations through necessary in-store visits.
Ensure we proactively engage with our clients and continuously demonstrate the value of our products now and through recommendations for future improvements.
Develop your knowledge of the RI product set so you can be involved in the deployment of new and existing products to new markets and/or clients, including POC work, product demonstrations etc.
About you:
You love to collaborate and exchange ideas. You are a strong verbal and written communicator with the ability to collaborate with all departments. You have the ability to take, sometimes unfamiliar and complex datasets and tell a meaningful story of value creation through actionable insights. You thrive in working with cross functional teams and collaborating with others when needed.
You are able to proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so.
About your previous experience:
Experience in an analytical or data-orientated role and be able to demonstrate the value and commercial impact of your work.
Strong working knowledge and experience in SQL & Excel to an advanced level
Experience with data-centric scripting/programming languages (e.g. R & Python), and knowledge of BI and/or Data Visualisation software (e.g. Power BI) are both desirable, though not essential. However, a desire to learn new skills and techniques is an important part of this role.
Benefits and Perks:
RI is a fun and collaborative place to be, to support you at work and play we offer a number of things: flexible working options, an extra day of paid leave on your birthday, fortnightly team lunches, cinema clubs, an audible subscription, options to support your development and growth.
More about RI:
At Retail Insight, we have built a suite of innovative retail execution analytics products trusted by some of the world's leading retail and consumer goods companies including Walmart, Woolworths, Diageo and Danone.
We provide head office, stores and suppliers with data-driven insights that direct action and capture value. We specialise in-store and are at the cutting edge of retail analytics technology, helping identify drivers, and alerting to close, lost sales and lost profits from out-of-stocks, poor in-store execution, waste, markdown, and total loss.
If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you."
7,7,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

Successful organisations depend on their reputation for keeping promises, respecting laws and behaving ethically to maintain stakeholder trust. EY Forensic & Integrity Services professionals help organisations protect and restore enterprise and financial reputation. We assist organisations to investigate facts, resolve disputes and manage regulatory challenges. We put integrity at the heart of compliance programs to help better manage ethical and reputational risks.

We understand how organisations navigate complex environments; how pressures, attitudes and culture influence employee actions. We are committed to making integrity the cornerstone of a better working world.

We are looking for a Consultant/ Senior Consultant, Forensic Data Analytics within the Forensic & Integrity Services team in our Brisbane office.

This is an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate seeking to pursue a career in Forensic Data Analytics. The Forensic Data Analytics team is a group of technical specialists that practice the full life cycle of data management from the early stages of data scoping and capture, to its management, analysis and reporting. Data Analytics are central to EY’s mission of building a better working world by asking better questions.

FDA team members typically apply their specialist skills to large or complex datasets coming from disparate data sources. Using market leading advanced data analytic tools, we look beyond the obvious to dig deeper into underlying patterns and trends.
Our team generates insights to support fraud investigations, disputes, and regulatory compliance challenges for our clients, across a range of industries.

Your key responsibilities

Senior Consultants in our Forensics team will:

Be passionate about data analytics and the opportunities it provides to organisations
Work with broader Forensics team (including forensic accountants and incident response professionals) to assist Australian and global companies in addressing their fraud and compliance challenges
Consult with stakeholders; develop forensic procedures and define measurable data metrics, and design investigative analysis
Extract, validate, transform and load data from multiple data sources for deeper analysis
Undertake extensive analytical reviews of client data to produce insights that will assist our clients with:
detection of irregular financial transactions
identification of anomalous employee behaviour
targeting of error and waste in their operations
Support senior team members in the preparation and presentation of client deliverables in a clear, structured manner
Produce dashboards and other visualisations to support the analysis undertaken
Provide innovative thinking for strategic initiatives, new offerings and programs
Work in multi-disciplinary teams across a range of industries helping our clients, using our analytics to transform and improve their business

Skills and attributes for success

To qualify for the role you must have

Tertiary qualification in a relevant technical field (Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Statistics, Economics, Commerce, Mathematics, Linguistics)
Experience with statistical analysis and modelling tools such as SAS, Alteryx, SPSS, Python, R or similar packages, and data manipulation languages such as SQL
Familiarity with data visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview or Spotfire
A demonstrated understanding of commercial relational database systems and enterprise software solutions (Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, Chris21, etc)
A working knowledge of financial processes other business processes (e.g., regulatory reporting)
Ablility to hypothesise, analyse and draw conclusions from data
A demonstrated ability to clearly and concisely present data, conclusions, and recommendations
Highly professional with ability to work in challenging, diverse and evolving client environments

Ideally, you’ll also have

Strong stakeholder management and project delivery disciplines
Effective written and verbal communication skills
A team player with strong time and project management skills

Responsibilities, Qualifications, Certifications

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $78,000 including 10% superannuation

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $67,000 including 9.5% superannuation.

#LI-EYAustralia"
8,8,"Senior Data Analyst


Data driven role
Permanent full-time opportunity,
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $113,343pa to $124,901pa, plus employers’ contribution to super and leave loading.
Sydney Region – Hybrid working model



Department of Education is recruiting for a Senior Data Analyst to join our Student & Parents Experience (SPX) unit. Senior Data Analysts work in multi-disciplinary teams that will build, support and maintain Human-Centred solutions that offer real value and work for everyone.



About You/ Role
SPX’s Senior Data Analysts will be involved in creating database, data synthesis, analysing data and solutions to ensure we have the right information and data to make informed decisions to improve student outcomes. Stakeholder engagement is key and collaborating within your SPX squad and the wider education community is fundamental.



What you will be doing:
Develop and implement data specific solutions
Build and undertake research, analysis plans and deliver projects
Analyse data using statistical techniques and provide reports
Develop and maintain databases and relevant systems
Handling and mining of large, diverse data sets with an ability to work with both structured and unstructured data.
Communicate analysis and results with stakeholders
Regular engagement/collaboration with internal/external stakeholders



Essential Requirements
Hold a valid clearance to work with Children (Working with Children Check) Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline and/or equivalent experience.



Key knowledge and experience
Advanced experience of Power BI, and ability to edit Power Query, SQL and Python scripts.
Knowledge of and commitment to implementing the Department’s Aboriginal Education Policy and upholding the Department’s Partnership Agreement with the NSW AECG and to ensure quality outcomes for Aboriginal people
Prior relevant experience, ideally within a large organisation and programs involving organisational and cultural change.



How to apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume (max 5 pages) and cover letter (max 2 pages) expressing your interest and suitability for the role.



Note: the selection process will include a range of assessment techniques to assist in determining your suitability for the role. Successful candidates will be required to undertake pre-employment screening for this role which includes a Working with Children Check and National Criminal History Check.



Closing date: Tuesday, 31 May 2022, 11:55pm



For role enquiries please contact Dan Hart, Principal Data Strategy Manager on 0411 506 073.



COVID-19 Vaccination certification: The successful candidate for this position will be required to provide evidence of their double vaccination status, or a valid medical contraindication certificate, prior to the department finalising the appointment of the candidate and entry on duty.



We welcome applications from all ages and genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTQIA+ community, veterans, refugees and people with disability. If we can make some adjustments to our recruitment/interview process to better enable you to shine, please contact the Diversity and Inclusion Team (dandi@det.nsw.edu.au) or visit NSW Department of Education Diversity and Inclusion.



A talent pool may be created through this recruitment process. A talent pool is a group of applicants who have been assessed and identified as suitable for this role, and who may be considered for a range of similar roles, including temporary, term or ongoing roles, over the next 18 months.

Responsibilities
Please refer to the attached Role Description"
9,9,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Sky Advertising Technology is looking for a Data Specialist to join the team to work on our data driven projects. You’ll use data from across our Advertisement technology ecosystem to help understand and improve the ad experience of our customers while helping with optimising our capacity usage/ deliveries and driving efficiencies.
What you'll do:
With data driving decisions across Sky this is a prominent role in understanding and improving our ad optimisations and capacity planning / forecasting activities and data to support those
Develop and mentor a team of Data Analysts
Work closely with data-owners, insights team and developers to understand their data requirements, to be innovative with our data and technology to find new insights and improve data quality and support the decision-making process across Sky’s new propositions.
Define business and technical requirements to develop analytics capability e.g. data strategy and governance, data cleansing, data augmentation, data quality.
Conduct exploratory and investigative analysis on new/ existing data sources, analyse and interpret key performance measures and trends in multidimensional datasets.
Creating and maintaining well documented and cleansed data sources to model our data and designing processes to ensure that data models are maintained, and that data is used correctly across the business with ease of access.
Audit and review implementation / overall data quality to flag tracking issues which could lead to the wrong business decision.
Providing support, guidance, and examples for end-users across the business to create their own reports
Driving a “data first” mentality with the Product Managers/Analysts to ensure that they are tracking the right data and interpreting it correctly.
What you'll bring:
Good analytical skills and data literate with a Degree (or equivalent experience) in applied quantitative field (statistics, mathematics, engineering, technology)
Confident communicator with an ability to interact with senior stakeholders to gather requirements and present findings.
Self-starter who's actively curious about data, and how they can be actioned to improve performance/insights.
Proficient with data retrieval techniques (writing SQL queries, working with APIs), for both on premise databases and cloud services with working knowledge of databases, data structures and reporting systems (ETL knowledge ideal).
Hands-on experience modelling structured and unstructured data, data profiling, defining data quality rules and metrics/KPIs. Ideally some experience or interest with machine learning techniques.
Knowledge or experience of working with Google Cloud Platform BI products like BigQuery, Spanner, AI Platform, etc. to efficiently analyse large amounts of data and proficiency with at least one modern BI Tool. For example PowerBI, Tableau, Looker etc.
Department overview:
We’re the Product Hub. We’re the team behind your favourite Sky products, and the platforms that power them. We make every moment magical, everywhere. Our team is made up of self-motivated, big thinkers who have a knack for solving problems and find new ways to captivate millions of customers by putting them at the heart of everything we do. From Sky Glass, Sky Q, Peacock and NOW to news and sports apps, we make entertainment even better and we can’t wait to get started on what’s next.
Content Technology & Innovation
Our Content Technology and Innovation team delivers high-quality content to homes, customer devices, businesses and commercial partners across our European markets. With over 2500 colleagues from around the world, we combine our strategic insights, engineering know-how and operational excellence to use the most innovative technologies to create and distribute our award-winning content.
The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences
How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.
Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
10,10,"Location of work -Adelaide Metropolitan
Length of contract– 12-months Contract
Overview
Business Analyst to work within a Program delivering enhancements to the website, Report application and other projects within the program
Business Analyst will work as part of a multi-disciplinary capability delivery team using the agile methodology and may work on several projects concurrently.
Key responsibilities include
Working with users to formulate and document business requirements
Identifying, investigating and analyzing business processes, procedures and work practices
Using project management methodologies, principles and techniques to develop project plans and to cost, resource and manage projects
Taking responsibility for deploying functional solutions, such as creating, adopting and implementing system test plans, which ensure acceptable quality and integrity of the system
Using data and process modelling techniques to create clear system specifications for the design and development of system software
Understand customer’s business and work with the project’s stakeholders in understanding requirements
Testing & change management of the implementation
Ability to collaborate with stakeholders to resolve issues, solve problems and ensure effective and timely implementation of projects
Possess business and technical knowledge to review workflow, documentation and
User surveys and analyze data to identify a solution to a business issue
Proven ability to function both independently and as part of a team
Work experience: At least 1 year of relevant work experience. Fresh graduates having deep knowledge of the subjects could be considered for this role.
Availability: Monday to Friday – Full time 40 hours
Essential Knowledge:
Strong knowledge of CRM, strong knowledge of Web Development technologies, String knowledge of MS Office suite & Visio, some experience in SAP
Very strong knowledgeable of Security and Web Development technologies, their configuration options, authentication, authorisation and access protocols
Skills:
Strong communicator – excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation to end users.
Ability to multitask and work to timelines
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Able to work independently with the business SMEs.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail.
This is a long term contract offering an excellent pay rate to the right candidate and the chance to work on an important project
Should you have the required experience and are looking for a challenging role Email your resume to career@inkitsolutions.com.au
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
11,11,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

As a Data Engineer, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Work with diverse stakeholders to identify their challenges with data that can be addressed using various Analysis techniques.
Be a part of a culture that focuses on delivering excellence for our clients and work with an awesome team of people to work with and access to cutting edge technologies.
Flexibility to work in the way that brings out the best in you and encourages you to do what you love, in an environment that supports you.
Be involved in all aspects of the Project life-cycle, including Strategy, Road-Mapping, Architecture, Implementation and Development in order to gain maximum exposure to set you up for a successful consulting career.

To qualify for the role you must have

Ability to define and develop data integration patterns and pipelines
Ability to assess complexity of data (volume, structure, relationship etc.)
Hands on technical expertise in Spark, Python, SQL, Java, Scala, Kafka etc
Hands on experience working with different data bases (RDBMS, NoSQL, Blob storage etc)
Hands on experience working technologies/platform e.g. Dockers, Containers, Openstack, AWS, Azure, GCP
Experience building data profiling and data cleansing frameworks

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong consulting experience preferable from a Big 4 background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider."
12,12,"The successful Insider Threat Analyst must be a team player as well as an individual contributor. Whether working independently or as part of a team, individuals in this role must be able to successfully complete deliverables and meet or beat expectations within designated timeframes, as defined by a project plan. Successful candidates will have a strong foundation of excellent analytical skills enhanced by a clear devotion to serving and satisfying customers.

Principal Job Responsibilities:
Analyze customer activity data to identify current or potential threat-related events, behaviors, and patterns.
Coordinate with customers to determine areas of specific interest and concern upon which to focus investigations.
Prepare and deliver reports, using metrics and data visualizations, to effectively communicate discoveries to customer.
Develop recommendations to address and remediate threat discoveries, and proactive measures to promote a secure customer environment.
Establish and secure trust with clients by maintaining privacy, confidentiality, and objectivity for all interactions with the customer and their data.
Additional responsibilities may include:
Providing Tier 1 and Tier 2 support to customers, for both troubleshooting and usage of the Dtex software platform as needed.
Coordination with engineering resources for Tier 3 support of the Dtex solutions for existing customer deployments as needed.
Working with engineering to provide feedback based on personal and customer impressions of Dtex services, reporting bugs and problems encountered in the field, and making recommendations for improvement and new service features.
Skills & Knowledge:
3+ years of experience in business intelligence, operations, or analytics. Experience in security, fraud, or financial services strongly preferred.
Strong problem solving skills, ability to analyze complex multivariate problems and use a systematic approach to gain quick resolution
Experience with administration, troubleshooting and scripting in Linux and Windows environments (PowerShell or Python experience preferred)
Ability to access and analyze data using industry standard tools (e.g. MS SQL, PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch, Lucene, Kibana, Tableau, Qlik, Crystal Reports, Excel).
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills, both internally and externally. Ability to communicate findings to all levels of Management team to include Director and CxO levels.
Experience with statistical analysis tools desirable (R, Matlab, SPSS, etc.)."
13,13,"Who is Equifax?
Equifax is a leading global data, analytic and technology company, supporting customers across 24 countries. We have been serving the Australian and New Zealand markets for over 60 years. Through continuously adapting to our environment, not only have we remained a market leader, we drive and challenge ourselves to do better to help our customers live their financial best.
Our people are what makes us great at what we do - we see every member of our team as an integral piece of a jigsaw. We celebrate differences and recognise that each person brings with them unique talents and perspectives. We provide our people the support and flexibility to manage their work-life balance. At Equifax we genuinely care about our people and our ability to come together as #OneEquifax.
The perks of being an Equifax employee within the Data & Analytics team?
There are lots of perks of being an Equifax employee – we offer additional leave days as we recognize the importance of taking time out, whether that’s to catch up on some rest, celebrate a birthday, or give back to our community by volunteering. We are committed to the wellbeing of our people and provide them with discounted health cover through BUPA, access to comprehensive hearing services and discounts, and offer 24/7 support through our employee assistance program. Our leadership team fosters a culture of ownership, they will lead, coach, mentor and listen. We support one another to feel confident to speak up and hold each other accountable to work with integrity.
Our success is our people, for we are truly united by our purpose and are encouraged and challenged every day to bring new ideas to help our customers make more informed decisions. Our outcomes focused culture encourages thought leadership and innovation to ensure our ongoing success.
We are supportive and revel in working together on exciting projects. We see ourselves making an impact by utilizing cutting edge/statistical modelling tools across hundreds of rich data assets and collaborating with some of the best data minds in Australia. Working within our diverse D&A team will provide you opportunities to gain exposure across all phases of the D&A lifecycle and work with some of our largest blue-chip customers.
What you’ll do:
The Data Analyst (DA) as part of the Data Quality & Linking team plays a key role in the day to day management of Equifax's core data assets developed to support our product offering to the market. Data Analyst will closely work with product, sales, IT team within Data & Analytics to drive data quality and coverage of each of the data asset be market leading.
The DA will perform in-depth analysis to drive data quality improvements of their allocated data assets in alignment with the product team's strategic recommendations. The DA will also assist in the migration of Equifax's core data assets as the business undergoes a multi-year transformation project to standardize how data is managed.
What are we looking for?
3+yrs of experience in Software development/data analysis/ data management
Demonstrated experience and competency using SQL and at least one of the following : SAS, R, Python, Java or similar
Experience with data visualization and data story telling
Statistical skills (advanced statistics or analysis techniques).
Excellent interpersonal skills, combined with the ability to relate on all levels through the organization
Extra points for any of the following:
Google Cloud Platform Success attributes of an Equifax employee; does this describe you?
Accountable
Brave
Curious
Collaborative
Individualist
Trustworthy
Dedicated
At Equifax, there is no such thing as the 'perfect candidate'
Seeing responsibilities and competencies laid out on paper can be confronting. At this stage of the application process, sometimes imposter syndrome can creep in and mess with our confidence. Please know, we list these items to give you an opportunity to show us your potential and how you can grow and transform with us.
Your ability to demonstrate that you possess/have the real potential to develop the required capabilities, knowledge, experience and qualifications to perform in our roles is what we would like to hear from you. Where possible, you should support your claims with specific examples of what you have done and how you did it.
However you identify, and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come to work every day"
14,14,"Job no: 509776
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra, Parramatta, Sydney, Wollongong, Penrith, Rhodes, Newcastle/Hunter, Adelaide
Division: Audit, Assurance & Risk Consulting

Join KPMG’s Risk Data and Digital Talent Community and start planning your future
We do our best work together
Learn how we value, celebrate and support our employees
KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities.
Why join our Data and Digital Talent Community?
In line with our values “For better” we are committed to taking a long term view with our recruitment, to make KPMG a better firm for future generations. We do our best work together, so if you’re interested in joining our team and building a future with KPMG, we still want to hear from you.
Relationships are important and sometimes they take time. Joining our Talent Community is an opportunity for us to get to know each other. We’ll help you understand if KPMG is the place for you and, if it is, we’ll work together to identify the right roles and teams for when the time is right for you to make the move.


KPMG’s Strategy, Growth and Digital – how we work and our integrated teams
We provide unique services through delivering consulting projects, data trust management, custom analytics work, AI, proofs of concept and data platforms. Working in our team you'll be mixing with some of the brightest minds while working on significant commercial projects – solving real world problems at some of the nation's most respected companies, using some of the most exciting and interesting data you wouldn’t normally have access to.
Our highly skilled Data & Analytics team helps our clients to use their data resources for creating value, managing risk, enhancing competitiveness and driving business decisions within Data & Analytics.
Our mission is to assist organisations turn their data into strategic assets, developing data strategies and data management practices that enable responsible innovation and drive trust in emerging technologies (i.e. artificial intelligence)
We work closely with multiple industries and academia to explore the new and evolving risks posed by Big Data and Artificial Intelligence, and develop new approaches to make ethics in data and Artificial Intelligence real for our clients.
Our Data Remediation team supports our client on complex engagements as they seek to restore trust and address regulatory and legal challenges that are high priorities for boards and executives. Working as a part of a cross-functional team, our consultants use data to understand and define the issue and implement a solution along with the required governance and control frameworks. We work on these high-impact engagements at client sites and also with our KPMG Managed Services Operation Centre and leverage technologies and tools developed in Australia and from our global network
Our Tech solutions team leverages cutting-edge technology solutions to supports our clients with their risk and regulatory related challenges
Are you Extraordinary?
At KPMG, we believe diversity of thought, background and unique experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities.
We’re interested in hearing from extraordinary people at all levels with skills and experience that could include:
Data Scientist: Using Data Science techniques and Machine Learning skills over Big Data
Data Engineer: Engineering modern data solutions or pipelines to facilitate advanced analytics, visualisation & interactive data applications
Data Analyst: Analysing and business consulting with data – using relational databases (SQL), data workbench & visualisation tools for project delivery, applying business logic and interpreting results
Data Management Specialist: strong understanding of data management principles and how to apply them including knowledge of models such as DCAM, DMBOK, regulatory frameworks such as BCBS 239, CPG 235 and principles and practices of data quality, lineage, master / reference data management
You will have:
A sound understanding of digital and cognitive technologies and analytics, information management and business process based solutions
Demonstrable industry knowledge; understanding the way your primary industry functions and how data can be collected, analysed and utilized; maintaining flexibility in the face of big data developments
Experience in financial services, telecommunications, government and retail is not mandatory but highly regarded
Possess the following traits:
Intellectual curiosity; exploring new territories and finding creative and unusual ways to solve data management problems.
Patience, as nothing will work the first time.
Focus; enjoy working in the detail and understanding the intricacies of how and why a data pipeline works as it does.
A disciplined approach to problem solving and an ability to critically assess a range of information to differentiate true business needs as opposed to user requests
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Proven ability to develop and manage enduring client relationships, engendering a sense of trust and respect
Have a questioning mind and lots of bright ideas
Be a critical thinker with strong analytical and problem solving skills
Be comfortable with manipulating and combining large, high dimensional datasets from multiple sources
Have an ability to interpret findings and identify key insights to communicate to a non-technical audience
Have demonstrated experience building relationships with internal and/or external clients
Possess business development capability to utilise your professional networks and further develop this with us


The KPMG Difference
At KPMG, we’re passionate about creating an inclusive workplace that promotes and values diversity. We believe that everyone’s unique experiences enable us to deliver meaningful benefits for our people, our clients and communities. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, ages, religions, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, LGBTIQ+ people, those with a disability, women and people with a cultural or linguistically diverse background.
We embrace flexibility as a key principle to allow our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal and family life.
KPMG has a decade-long, proud commitment to Indigenous Australia, as demonstrated by the achievement of an Elevate level Reconciliation Action Plan. KPMG is a foundation member and Principal Partner of Pride in Diversity started in Australia by ACON and the Diversity Council of Australia, and is recognised in the Australian Workplace Equality Index(AWEI) which evaluates LGBTIQ+ inclusiveness in the workplace. KPMG Australia has been consistently recognised as an Employer of Choice in the Australian Government’s Workplace Gender Equality Agency(WGEA) annual index.


Flexibility empowers wellbeing
Flexibility enables contribution to the community
Flexibility inspires technology & innovation
Flexibility supports family


Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
To join our Talent Community, please click .
Advertised: 13 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 30 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
15,15,"Market Analyst
Provide comprehensive market analysis and interpretation on a national, state and regional level for Australia.

Key Aspects:
Commercial reporting with actionable insights that enable improved revenue and margin performance via meaningful call to actions.
Manage and monitor Sales Incentive Schemes (SIS).
Identify process improvements to support continuous process optimisation.
Develop reports and visualisations that provide meaningful insights across customer banding (to improve or sustain value across our customer base).
Determine material market-turning points and quarter-on-quarter market changes, and the underlying drivers to those turning points and QoQ market deltas.
Identify industry trends (innovation focus) that offer meaningful insights for commercial-value creation through offer developments & transformation initiatives.
Pro-actively source market information on a national, state and regional basis through relevant sources (e.g., ABS, HIA, BIS shrapnel, Council data, in-house data) and conduct statistical analysis to transfer data into insights.
Create scenarios that reflect potential effects and outcomes that market factors may have on the business in the next 12 – 18 months.

The Ideal Candidate will have:
2-3 years’ experience in building product/hardware sector within a market analyst capacity.
Preferably experience in developing a strategy and/or a background of working with statistics, research and interpretation of data.
Analytics (machine learning / data science) / Mathematics / Finance / Economics degree or similar.
Strong numerical & modelling skills (Advanced Excel, SQL, R Programming or Python).
IT Based systems – SAP, CRM, Database technologies (e.g., SQL) and Business Intelligence platforms (i.e., Tableau).
Best-practice spreadsheet modelling (Excel-based).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
An analytical mind with both a problem-finding and problem-solution focus.

About Hanson Australia

Join one of the world's leading heavy building materials companies. Hanson Australia is a part of Heidelberg Cement - world’s largest producer of aggregates, including crushed rock, sand and gravel and one of the biggest concrete producers. In Australia, operating over 55 quarries, 225 concrete plants and also owns the Alex Fraser group who provide recycled products as well as Asphalt to the Construction Industry.

Why join Hanson Australia?
Stable and Reliable Industry Leader
Global Leader
Excellent Team Culture that promotes from within
Work Life Balance
Competive Salary and Benefits Package."
16,16,"How will I help?
As a Fraud Analyst, you will analyse information related to financial crime and implement detection strategies which mitigate risk and prevent financial loss, whilst ensuring there is minimal impacts to customer experience, product profitability and brand reputation.
The key accountabilities are analysis and interrogation of data to support fraud detection and uncover fraudulent activities, identifying emerging fraud trends and detecting accounts at risk, making continual improvements to detection system rules provide insights into trends and anomalies to aid prevention and maintaining internal reporting platforms to assist with analysis whilst becoming an expert in product systems and processes.
This is a part time role offering 19 hours per week. Role is based in Kent St, Sydney with flexible working arrangement options.
What’s in it for me?
In a word, lots! As well as job flexibility and the financial benefits for being part of the Westpac team (like special banking, wealth, and insurance offers) you will be paid well, and trained so your career can grow as you do. You will also be encouraged to take part in our fun community projects as a paid volunteer. Importantly you will play a significant role in the future of a business that has been around for 200 years.
What do I need?
You will have completed or currently pursuing tertiary qualification in the relevant discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or Actuarial Science. You must have technical skills in SQL, SAS, or R, with proven experience in using these to interrogate and manipulate large data sets. In addition, you must have technical coding, modelling and financial industry knowledge.
You will also bring to the team your proven stakeholder management skills, with the ability to engage and influence non-technical stakeholders.
Experience playing games such as chess, poker or board games with a competitive nature is advantageous as these display similar thought processes to fraud detection. Also, experience working in a Fraud or Risk Analytics environment within financial services would be highly advantageous.
What’s it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. As an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility- and champions inclusion.
How do I Apply?


As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply.
The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
17,17,"Organisation/Entity: Sydney Trains
Job Category: Graduates/Cadets
Job Location: Sydney, NSW, AU, 2020
Job Ref No: 66228
Employment Type: Fixed Term Full-Time
Salary Range: $65211.0-$74659.0
About us
At Sydney Trains, our rail services keep Sydney moving by putting our customers at the centre of everything we do. We work with our local communities to deliver safe, timely and efficient rail services 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Our trains and network are evolving to meet the needs of our customers now and well into the future. We’re continuing to integrate technological innovations that help us deliver a smarter and more sustainable network.


Kick-start your career with Sydney Trains! Get paid to learn and gain valuable experience. Whether you're a school-leaver, re-entering the workforce or an adult simply wishing to change careers this is the perfect opportunity, so don't miss out!


About the team


The Strategy, Portfolio and Investment (SPI) branch leads Sydney Trains Enterprise Strategy and Planning, Investment Management, Enterprise Portfolio Management, the Network Growth Portfolio, and Reporting, Analytics and Insights. These Trainee roles sit within the Reporting, Analytics and Insights (RAI) team and they are passionate about turning data into information and insights to help the business make better decisions and drive action.


The Opportunity


Fantastic opportunity to earn while obtaining a nationally recognised qualification
Opportunity to play a key role in Sydney Trains to assist with fundamental skills across the insight’s values chain, including skills across data, analytics, technology and process.
Being able to find and extract data to understand how this helps to run the business.
Learn the technical skills and gainexposure to key frameworks as agile ways of working.
Functions within Data and Analytics include; Data and Reporting Analytics, Locations Services (Mapping services), Governance and Security, Asset Management Network Performance and Service Delivery
Excellent career opportunities within Transport after completion of the program
Multiple positions available in Burwood location


What’s on offer?


2 years full-time work and salary while you study
Tuition from TAFE/RPO with fees paid in full by Transport for NSW
Flexible work and study arrangements
On the job training with development opportunities through internal and external training courses
Opportunity to learn 'hands-on' skills within Data and Analytics
Certificate IV inInformation, Communication Technology (ITC)qualification on successful completion
Opportunity to apply for a full-time position at Transport for NSW once you graduate.


About you:


Note: This is an Aboriginal Identified position.
Eligibility to meet the requirements to enrol in the Certificate IV inInformation, Communication Technology (ITC)through TAFE/RPO
Be enthusiastic and eager to learn on the job by following instructions
Work well within a team environment
Be prepared to be given tasks to complete and find new ways of agile working
You are an Australian/NZ citizenORan Australian Permanent Resident
You can commence full time employment from approx. 06 June 2022


Check out the Data and Analytics Trainee Role Description here


Salary


Your salary for this position is RC2 ($65,211 - $74,659) per annum plus superannuation.


Interested?


If you are 16 years of age or over, you can apply today!


Joining Transport for NSW, you’ll have access to a range of unique government benefits in a flexible work environment like no other. If you’re ready to step into this meaningful and rewarding role, we want to hear from you!


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and answer all questions within the online application process. Please note, direct applications via email will not be accepted.
This vacancy is an identified Aboriginal recruitment under Part 5, clause 26 of the Government Sector Employment (General) Rules 2014. Aboriginality will be confirmed during the selection process.


For Aboriginal specific information regarding working with Transport for NSW, our Aboriginal network, career development opportunities and support systems, please email Aboriginal.Employment@transport.nsw.gov.au


Supporting Aboriginal people at Transport


We achieve our goals as an organisation by supporting our Aboriginal employees and their career development goals. Here at Transport, we do this through organisation-wide strategies, including our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). Our RAP outlines practical actions for developing relationships with Aboriginal people, engaging our people in reconciliation and creating long-term career opportunities for Aboriginal people.


Aboriginal people at Transport are invited to join dedicated professional communities including Aboriginal staff Yarn ups and the Aboriginal Employee Network. These forums create opportunities for Aboriginal colleagues to connect, share and learn in a culturally safe space. Our Aboriginal Cultural Education program is also open to all Transport people to bring about a deeper understanding of Aboriginal customers, colleagues, and communities throughout our organisation. Aboriginal targeted and identified job ads5 Transport’s Aboriginal Employment Unit is run by a dedicated team of Aboriginal employees, to support the employee experiences of Aboriginal people working at Transport or considering joining a job with us.


Right now, Transport employs over 700 Aboriginal people who make up 2.3% of our overall workforce. We’re on track to increase Aboriginal representation at Transport to 3% and increase the number of Aboriginal people in senior leadership roles by 2025. In our regional divisions, Aboriginal people represent 5.4% of the total workforce


Applications close: 29 May, 11:59 pm on Sunday


Apply today to register your interest!


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them and their teams. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Angelina Abraham at ANGELINA.ABRAHAM@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.

Apply today to register your interest!

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process with Sydney Trains.

Find out more about Sydney Trains at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/sydneytrains/about-sydney-trains.


Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:
appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Analytics, Database, Data Analyst, Trainee, Recruiting, Technology, Management, Entry Level, Data, Human Resources"
18,18,"How will I help?
The Chief Transformation Office (CTO) is responsible for project delivery within the Business Lending line of business. We are seeking a Business Analyst to join persistent team model within Business Lending CTO. You will play a pivotal role that will focus on the prioritised epics for Simplification and Compliance. The aim of persistent team model is to retain knowledge and network within the group by retaining resources post project closure and standardising Business Analyst practices across the group.

What’s in it for you?
You will build your profile internally with senior stakeholders and be part of the future of a business that has been around for 200 years. You'll be working for an organisation that supports development, internal career moves and flexible working. Along with competitive salary, you’ll receive Westpac’s generous benefits and a whole array of customer discounts.

What do I need?
The ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Business Analyst. You will need to be able to provide validation on requirements to junior BAs. You will have strong stakeholder management experience and be able to influence their attitude and resolve business problems. You will also need to:
Produce project deliverables adhering to Westpac Project Delivery Framework and Group Enterprise delivery and governance standards
Good understanding of both Waterfall and Agile project delivery frameworks.
Produce high quality process maps for peer review
Input and support into RAID & RCM
Estimates duration and effort of tasks and demonstrates effective time management
Ensure risks are managed with support from Delivery Lead or Risk representative
Interprets and breaks down complex data into sizeable components.
Support Solution Design - Works with others to support identifying insights to enable the design of data-driven solutions that meet defined business needs and requirements.
Oversee Solution Delivery - Assists with tasks and activities that contribute to the delivery of solutions to advance realisation of solution outcomes.

What is it like to work there?
As well as good pay and a great culture, joining the Westpac family means you’ll get some of the best banking, wealth and insurance benefits in the market. We’ll even pay you to do volunteer or community work. We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.
The health and well-being of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
For more information visit careers.westpacgroup.com.au
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
19,19,"Posted
02-May-2022
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Data & Analytics
Location(s)
Adelaide - South Australia - Australia, Brisbane - Queensland - Australia, Melbourne - Victoria - Australia, Perth - Western Australia - Australia, Sydney - New South Wales - Australia
Newly created role due to growth and expansion in our Data Analytics team
Dynamic and fast-paced team with strong integration and collaboration with the business
Location: Australia | WFH | Flexible & remote working available

CBRE is the world's leading and largest commercial real estate services and investment firm; a growing and visionary organisation, comprised of the best and brightest professionals. We are invested in the development and unique needs of our diverse employees and strive to create an inclusive environment that allows our employee to bring their full selves to work.

Here's what you’ll achieve;

Operating in a diverse and progressive commercial environment, you’ll maintain data quality within technology systems, including assistance with data migration, cleansing and other data-related activities
Assist with development, maintenance and use of reports to extract relevant data from technology systems.
Contribute to and champion data governance tools, operations, policies, and projects, participating in cross-functional working groups to develop, implement, maintain, evolve and enhance data governance practices, components and change management activities associated
Build, develop and implement effective monitoring and training across a variety of data platforms to ensure data quality and compliance
Develop and maintain inventory of the enterprise information maps, including main LOB systems of record and associated owners
Partner with staff within CBRE and IT to develop data quality standards and maintain policies, standards and procedures to guide the usage of data across CBRE and provide oversight and support for 3rd party data sharing requests.

About you:

Guidance of 3-5 years of experience and strong knowledge of data management and governance concepts including policies, standards and procedures
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data / Information Management, or relevant discipline
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to influence at different levels of the organisation and promote cross functional collaboration
Strong understanding of data governance best practices
Effective analytical skills to examine data management environments and make recommendations on improvements
Working knowledge of legal and regulatory concepts relevant to the data space for the commercial real estate sector within the Pacific region is preferred.

What’s in it for you?

People are the foundation upon which our success is built. Our company is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. Our people are free to expand their skills and knowledge to drive their careers and reach their full potential.

We value flexibility and our people work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing, development and performance. Our people benefit from a range of educational, financial, lifestyle, health and wellbeing benefits and programs, corporate partnerships and discounts, CBRE Cares Foundation, competitive leave offerings and paid volunteer days.

Can we inspire you to join us?

At CBRE, our unwavering commitment to diversity, equity & inclusion begins with you. We are strengthening our inclusive culture, so everyone feels safe, valued, & heard. Because when you belong, we all succeed.

We look forward to hearing from you."
20,20,"About the company
illion is the leading independent provider of trusted data and analytics products and services in Australia and New Zealand. illion is headquartered in Melbourne with offices in all major metropolitan cities across Australia and New Zealand. Our team work with leading brands in our region to bring data & analytics to life.
About the role / Business Unit
Our Bureau Operations team are the first point of contact to consumers and our customers, supporting them at a day to day operational level with anything related to our data in the Bureau. The team manage incoming queries related to the data in our bureau, working closely with internal stakeholders to meet customer requirements
Duties
To manage, monitor and analyse all data load processes on illion's CCB
To support client data related queries in accordance with defined SLAs
To provide level 1 support to clients across CCB & IDV API channels
To ensure service optimisation and minimal downtime, across all products supported by the Customer Support team
Skills & Experience
Ability to maintain focus in a high paced environment with a strong attention to detail
Proactive problem solving and analytical skills
The capacity to communicate effectively with all levels building co-operative relationships with associates and management.
A general interest in credit reporting or previous experience in the credit industry.
Intermediate to strong skills/knowledge in: Excel, SQL, SAS, Powerpoint
Culture
At illion, we are always seeking innovative and forward-thinking individuals to join us on our journey. Our culture is unique. It's fast, results-driven and dynamic. It's certainly not for everyone. But if you thrive in a high performing environment - illion could be for you!
Benefits
Just for the Health of it - illion Wellbeing Program - corporate massages and flu vaccinations included
Social Club - Quarterly calendar of events allowing team member to network and socialised in a fun and relaxed environment
Leadership Development Programs - build your skillset and become an illion future leader
How to Apply
To apply, please click ""Apply Now"" button and we will be in touch shortly.
Here at illion, we value diversity and inclusion and believe that we are able to grow and learn better together with a diverse team of employees. By joining illion you'll be part of an inclusive culture that celebrates a diversity of cultures, skill sets, educations and opinions. People from all culturally diverse backgrounds including Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Peoples are encouraged to apply."
21,21,"Job no: 505256
Work type: Permanent Full-Time
Location: Sydney

Data Analyst – Sydney
Could this be one of those rare moments to do the best work of your career? At Tabcorp, our story continues to evolve every day. Now we’re doubling our impact. We’re demerging, with a sharp focus on two new ASX-listed companies: The Lottery Corporation, Australia’s largest lottery company, and new Tabcorp, a leading diversified wagering operator and gaming services provider. For the next 12 months and beyond, we’re bringing the brightest minds together to go bigger and braver than ever. Game to join us?
What you’ll do -
Your role as the Data Analyst delivers data and analytics across customer and wagering business with the goal of improving both financial performance and operational processes in the business.
Key accountabilities -
Engage with various stakeholders within the business championing Analytics.
Automate weekly business reporting processes ensuring accuracy and timeliness of output
Improve any current manual BAU processes through automation
Support the business by identifying problems and providing solutions by applying the appropriate tools & techniques
Focus on delivering immediate support to Trading and Risk functions
Develop and maintain current Tableau dashboards
Support Customer & Wagering Team Lead with data preparation and/or presentations for key tasks & priorities
Participate in change initiatives by implementing new directions/initiatives and providing appropriate information and feedback
Continue to develop enablers to achieve change: report improvements, self-service model, data democratization.



What you’ll bring -


Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business, Computer Engineering, or a related field
1-3 Years relevant analytics experience
Degree level qualification specializing in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field, or equivalent experience with data analytics
Competent in both Business & Analytic Tools (Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, Tableau, R, Python)
Experience with data manipulation and analysis through professional experience
Experience in automation techniques



About Tabcorp
We’re Australia’s largest gambling entertainment company. Together, we build on our 100+ year heritage by delivering Excitement with Integrity, every day. Each one of us is here to put our customers at the heart of everything we do by creating moments that engage, surprise and thrill.


Our 4,000+ strong team is as diverse as Australia itself. Our people drive homegrown world-class brands, Tatts, TAB, Sky Racing, Sky Sports Radio and MAX. As an ASX listed company we’re proud to shape our industry for the better. Because together, anything’s possible.


Tabcorp is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where all our people feel valued for their unique qualities and have a sense of belonging. If you need assistance or adjustments to fully participate in the application process, please contact tabcorprecruitment@tabcorp.com.au


COVID
Tabcorp is closely monitoring Department of Health guidelines to ensure we continue to provide a safe working environment. You may be required to present evidence of Covid vaccination in order to comply with Public Health directions and fulfil the requirements of this role.


Demerger subject to shareholder, court, regulatory and other approvals.


Advertised: 27 Apr 2022 5:30 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 18 May 2022 11:55 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time"
22,22,"Senior Data Analyst

About us

TrafficGuard is the world’s first truly omni-channel, full-funnel fraud and invalid traffic solution. Publicly listed on the ASX, TrafficGuard operates in one of the largest addressable markets in digital advertising and provides solutions for one of the largest problems yet to be solved. We provide the technology and data to enable advertisers to maximise efficiency and growth.

We have scaled our platform into almost 4,000 advertisers globally (including multiple Unicorns) to enable them to verify their advertising in real-time and find and remove invalid traffic. Along the way, TrafficGuard has picked up numerous awards for both its anti-fraud and optimisation capabilities and has been recognised as one of the most innovative companies in Australia.

We are continuing to scale up and are looking to enhance our team to support our growth strategy. TrafficGuard has Unicorn potential. Can you be part of the team that gets us there?

About the role

We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Analyst to join our team. You will be part of a growing and innovative, award-winning company transforming the online advertising ecosystem.

We are seeking applicants in the regions of SEA, EMEA & LATAM to join TrafficGuard on a full-time remote working arrangement.

This Senior Data Analyst will work as part of our Customer Success team alongside Data Analysts in the APAC region. Our Customer Success team are custodians of the client relationship and rely heavily on the Senior Data Analyst role in supporting customers in their understanding of their advertising performance.

The key responsibilities of this role will include:
Working as a part of a high performing customer success team on a day-to-day basis.
Build relationships with customers and support them in their understanding of their advertising performance by collecting and analysing data and surfacing useful insights.
Triage customer and internal inquiries by acting as the first line of analysis.
Working alongside a multi-award-winning product team defining new capabilities and product features.
Present a clear narrative to the key stakeholders and build automated routines and BI resources for continued consumption of the insights.
Provide visibility of critical customer success metrics and insight into customer expansion opportunities
Lead research for case studies and white papers on ad fraud and invalid traffic patterns.
Providing thought leadership in both using data to solve business problems and in arriving at innovative statistical solutions.


What’s on offer

TrafficGuard is an innovative and progressive company with huge potential. We have a dynamic and energetic employee base, giving you access to some of the best minds in the industry.

Working with us gives you access to heaps of benefits including:
Fully flexible working options.
Career growth.
Yearly professional development allowance.
Yearly wellness allowance.
Great company culture.
Regular social activities.
Competitive salaries.
The opportunity to work with innovative and dynamic teams.
The opportunity to be part of our growth and come on this journey with us!

About you

The ideal candidate will be a curious, consultative, data detective with proficiency in ad analytics and a relentless need to “figure-it-out”.

The successful candidate will have:
5+ years experience in a similar role.
Consulting or customer-facing experience.
Media agency experience is highly regarded.
Advanced SQL skills - both in query development and performance tuning.
Business analysis skills.
Expert knowledge with BI applications such as Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, Domo, or Microstrategy.
Experience with Google Ads
Demonstrated ability of in-depth campaign and audience data analysis to identify trends, insights and benchmark performance
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to drive and deliver projects and meet deadlines.
A willingness to learn and a strong drive to progress.


How to apply

To apply, please send through your CV and a cover letter outlining your experience.

For a confidential discussion, please contact Kiren Singh, HR Manager, on Kiren.singh@adveritas.com.au

We are open to out of the box candidates, who may not have all the experience we are looking for, but who are driven and capable. If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!"
23,23,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time / 24 Months
Organisation: Department of Treasury and Finance
Salary: $102,637 - $124,183
Occupation: IT and Telecommunications
Reference: VG/DTF/CGS/1627547
An exciting opportunity exists for two highly self-motivated team players to deliver ITS data analytics program at the Department of Treasury and Finance (DTF). The successful applicants will have a hands-on experience as a Tableau or Oracle Analytics analyst/subject matter expert (SME).
About us
The Department of Treasury and Finance provides economic, financial and resource management advice to help the Victorian Government deliver its policies. We strive for excellence in financial and economic management to improve the lives of all Victorians.
Information and Technology Services (ITS) is part of the Corporate Delivery Services Group and supports DTF with its information technology needs, including support for telephony services, applications, ICT operations and IT development.
About the role
The Data Analytics and Reporting team is a newly formed team comprises of some highly skilled data analysts, specialists, and BI developers. We provide a centralised data integration platform to support divisional analytics users, as well as manage data strategy and governance across DTF. The team has an exciting and ambitious plan to build a data warehouse and integration platform to enable the growth of data culture and use of data to support decision making.
Key Accountabilities -
Build data models, design, schedule and maintain automated reports and dashboards using Tableau and Oracle Analytics.
Work with Cloud based data warehouses and ETL/ELT platform (Azure/Oracle) and application databases.
Identify data sources and provide detailed technical plan to design, implement and document data mappings using ETL/ELT tools in Azure/Oracle Cloud.
Manage issues and incidents against Service Level Targets and communicate findings.
Act as an analytics platform administrator/subject matter expert and provide support for business users including but not limited to user onboarding, license allocation, user enablement and training, and incident management.
Monitor analytics platforms and tools performance to ensure scalability and sizing for current usage and future growth.
Work with the team and service providers to support DTF analytics platforms (Tableau Online, Azure Data Warehouse, and Oracle Analytics Cloud Services) and tool maintenance through updates, patching, testing and integration to ensure high availability.
About you
You are passionate about data and are someone who can see the big picture, while having mastery of the details. You are a self-starter, an excellent communicator, enjoy learning, and thrive on taking the initiative and pioneering new and creative ideas. You are confident and comfortable working with ambiguity and uncertainty.
In this technical role, you will have some experience and a general enthusiasm for our green field environment. You have excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills, enjoy working in a diverse team.
To be considered for this role, you must be able to demonstrate the following
Experience in Tableau, Azure Data Warehouse, Power BI, and SQL.
Knowledge in Oracle reporting and analytics would be an added advantage.
Experience in the public sector or demonstrated understanding of the public sector dynamics would be an added advantage.
Relevant qualification (e.g. Information Technology, Information Systems, Data Management, Data Science, Applied Mathematics) or equivalent to provide a subject matter expert level of data modelling and analysis
Relevant post graduate qualification in data science, data analytics, or other related technical field desirable.
About our culture
We aim to be a model employer providing an inclusive workplace that is understanding and respectful of differences such as gender, identity, race, disability or age. In addition, we are committed to supporting Aboriginal pathways between education and employment.
The Department strives to create an environment that supports a flexible and adaptive workforce. All requests for flexible working arrangements will be considered in line with operational requirements.
How to apply
For more information about the position and key selection criteria, please refer to the position description. If you have specific questions regarding the role, please contact Shakuntala on shakuntala.markandeya@dtf.vic.gov.au
To apply, select the ‘Apply Now' button and provide a copy of your resume and cover letter summarising your skills and relevant experience.
Applications close 27th May 2022
If you require a copy of this advertisement in an accessible format, please email careers@dtf.vic.gov.au.
Vaccination
DTF is committed to providing and maintaining a working environment which is safe and without risk consistent with the DTF's obligations under the Public Health and Wellbeing Act 2008 (Vic). Therefore, it is a requirement that all employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to undertake work outside of their ordinary place of residence (unless a medical exemption applies). If inability to attend a DTF worksite impacts an employee's ability to perform the inherent requirements of their role, it may affect their ongoing employment."
24,24,"Maven is looking for outstanding Data Analysts with the engineering and analytical skills to help drive our continuing success to the next level. You will work alongside the best traders and developers, using open-source and in-house tools to provide expertise and solve problems for our systematic trading business.
Previous experience in Python, pandas and related tools is a must, as are fluency in programming fundamentals and mathematical techniques. Experience in financial markets and securities is essential. Time series data is beneficial but not essential. This is a full-time, permanent role based in Sydney, with a competitive remuneration package comprising a base salary, benefits and bonus.
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE YOU HAVE
3 years financial industry commercial experience minimum;
Sound knowledge of financial markets & securities (particularly futures, options & equities);
Strong Python skills including experience with Numpy and Pandas;
Business communication skills & ability to present information clearly and concisely;
Enthusiasm to rapidly learn new technologies and skills;
Efficient and diligent with a strong attention to detail;
Bachelor degree with a minimum 2.1 grade or equivalent.
The stuff it would be great if you have already (but if not you will learn in this role):
Experience working with large data sets;
Time series data experience;
Experience in C++;
Containerisation (Docker, Kubernetes, serverless).


MAVEN DATA SERVICES TEAM
The Data Services team is responsible for the delivery of reliable, timely and accurate data and visualisations for the trading and research teams at Maven. Our data pipelines handle terabytes of exchange traffic, performing numerous transformations in real-time covering all the markets traded by Maven. We also provide perform analysis ranging from nanosecond-level investigations on low-latency trading systems to research on trading strategies covering entire markets.
We are a small team who sit on the trading floor and we partner with the trading desks and software development teams. Over the next year Data Services will be building out the Maven Data Lake. This will become the central repository for data loads and processing pipelines. The Data Lake will allow easy discovery of and access to different data sets, as well as the ability to create and maintain derived data sets as required by our users. Due to the volume and number of data sets we manage at Maven, this is a formidable challenge that will require innovative technical solutions.


Maven is a proprietary trading organisation formed in 2011. We employ the most talented traders, developers and engineers in the market, executing a diverse range of strategies across global equities and derivatives. We are the most active participant in many of the products we trade, contributing significant liquidity to markets around the world.
Maven has a culture that is relaxed and informal but highly rewarding of strong performance; there's no dress code, plenty of free food and regular social events. We have offices in London, Hong Kong and New York and will be opening a new Chicago office in early 2020 as part of our plans to expand our coverage of derivatives markets."
25,25,"Company Description

We are Powershop, Australia’s most recognised climate conscious energy retailer. We have been championing renewable energy and carbon neutrality since we began in 2014. We offer carbon neutral electricity and gas plans for customers in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. Powershop has recently been acquired by Shell Energy Australia and under our new ownership, together with Shell’s support and resources, we will continue our purpose to transition our customers to a more sustainable and innovative energy future.

There has never been a better time to join us. We have a brand-new office in the heart of Collins Street that is geared up for collaboration, socialisation and rewarding work. Although this is a location we chose to “team” in at different times, we are equally comfortable doing our best work remotely too.

Job Description

This is an exciting time to join the team as a Business Analyst, while we will look to scale our business and our operations as Powershop integrates into the Shell Energy family!

You’ll work closely with the Delivery Manager and teammates across the business and our 3rd party vendors to develop business requirements, map and document existing business procedures, assist with change management, work with development teams to confirm technical interpretation of requirements, redesign processes and work with change owners and teams to confirm UAT test scope and coverage.

Working with all aspects of the project delivery team but also independently, you’ll deliver cross-functional project and change management program documentation to really understand and dissect the customer journey & experience, along with operational and pricing processes.

Qualifications

You’ll need to have an analytical skillset to develop and interpret insights from data sets to inform design and design making. You’ll also need to be proficient in management programs such as JIRA Proficient, along with the ability to map processes in an articulate manner.

The ability to work well in a team and independently is also critical, as is your communication skills as you will be working with a wide range of stakeholders both face to face, and virtually.

Additional Information

In addition to an attractive salary package, we offer a diverse and inclusive culture that provides benefits that are about making life better and easier, for you and your family.

You’ll get a great working environment, opportunities for ongoing training and professional development and the ability to work both in the office and remotely.

We would love to hear from you! For any queries, please contact Nicole Speers via email Nicole.speers@powershop.com.au

Advertising closes 17 May at 9pm (please note this is subject to change)"
26,26,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Perth, WA, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27298


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?

You will be responsible for:
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and providing reports as needed
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Implement organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determine level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones. Responsible for the timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Document formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 to 5 years of related Business or Data Analysis experience.
Advanced understanding of SQL, Microsoft Office
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Excellent organization, analytical, planning and leadership skills
Experience in dealing with multiple projects and cross-functional teams and ability to coordinate across teams in a large matrix organization environment
Strong relationship building and consulting skills. Fosters a climate conducive to establishing positive working relationships with clients and cross functional team members

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
27,27,"Regulatory Data Analyst
Use your analytical skills to provide data-driven, rail safety insights and reports that help ONRSR deliver safe railways for Australia.
About the Role
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Risk and Analysis, the role is principally responsible for the provision of analytical support to the Brisbane Office Operations team. The role works closely with Rail Safety Officers, Rail Information Officers and other Analysts to deliver timely and accurate analysis reports and services in support of ONRSR’s risk-based approach to regulation.
The role is a key member of ONRSR’s Risk & Analysis team, a small, geographically-dispersed and collaborative team, responsible for providing data-driven rail safety insights and risk advice to internal and external stakeholders. As a Brisbane-based Analyst, you will also be an integral member of the Brisbane Office Operations team, which is responsible for overseeing the safety of railway operations in Queensland.
About You
We are seeking a motivated, diligent and customer service-oriented Analyst. To be successful in the role you will need to be a team player who demonstrates initiative and adopts a collaborative approach in the work environment. You will have proven statistical, analytical and problem-solving skills, with experience using business intelligence tools to model data and create interactive visualisations. You will be experienced in meeting regular deadlines and be committed to continuously improving work processes.
You will be expected to work with a number of key stakeholders within the organisation in a consultative capacity, both locally and across state boundaries. Effective communication and interpersonal skills are therefore essential.
About Us
The Office of the National Rail Safety Regulator (ONRSR) has the responsibility for regulatory oversight of rail safety throughout Australia. As an independent regulatory authority, ONRSR pursues safe railways for Australia by encouraging safe rail operations, enforcing national compliance with the Rail Safety National Law, and promoting and improving rail safety across the country.
ONRSR actively encourages productive working relationships, a healthy work-life balance, workplace diversity and development of expertise. In addition, the organisation offers a commitment to learning and development, and flexible work options. Further details on the benefits of working at ONRSR can be found at https://www.onrsr.com.au/about-onrsr/working-at-onrsr
The Application Process
It is to your benefit that you read the which sets out the key responsibilities and selection criteria for the role. The is attached below and can also be found at https://www.onrsr.com.au/about-onrsr/working-at-onrsr
Your application must include:
A cover letter of no more than two pages that addresses the selection criteria and details why you are suited to the role; and
Your resume.
As part of the recruitment and selection process, you will be required to undertake a National Police Check if you are one of the preferred candidates. The results may not necessarily preclude appointment to the position.
Personal information is handled in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles. For more information, download our privacy notice or privacy policy at www.onrsr.com.au.
Enquiries to: Dane Newton, Senior Manager Risk & Analysis 0408 983 781
Salary: $95,028 â€“ $100,024 + 10% super
Applications close: COB Monday, 30 May 2022
NOTE:
You must be an Australian citizen, permanent resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
Applications are sought from direct candidates only. No agencies please.
Application closing dates are at the discretion of ONRSR and may change without notice.
- Regulatory Data Analyst"
28,28,"Here’s why our people work for oOh!
oOh! has an amazing team culture, we offer a very social place with a good balance of work & play
Excellent company culture with a family oriented working environment
Flexible working hours to assist with a healthy work life balance
Here is why we need you…
Due to ongoing growth in our Data and Insights team, we’re on the hunt for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team where you will be take your passion for data and analytics to the next level. We're open to having this role located in our North Sydney, South Melbourne or Brisbane offices.
Here's what you'll do...
Be responsible for performing data analysis, collating information, checking and then communicating results to stakeholders
Show strong competency in clear data visualisation and reporting
Be an expert in analysing trends, building reports and understanding segmentation and marketing analytics
Be proactive in troubleshooting problems and source effective outcomes
Respond to data related requests from our Product and Sales teams
This is what you’ll look like…
At least 2 years experience as a Data Analyst
Experienced in using SQL for data management
Experienced in analysing data using Python or R to generate insights and communicating insights to business users
Experience with BI reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau etc.
Provide analytical support across marketing campaign execution & optimisation
Knowledge and basic understanding of AWS
Experience from an agency environment highly beneficial
Who are we:
www.oohmedia.com.au
What’s next:
If you’re curious, brave, and ready to leap into a career like no other, we’re ready to open our doors to you. Apply now.
If you meet most of the role requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
oOh! actively seeks to include and value the unique talents, perspectives, experiences, and contributions of all people."
29,29,"Why we are hiring now:
SecondQuarter is Australia's first and only venture secondaries fund. We provide long-term liquidity to shareholders of venture-backed Australian and New Zealand technology companies. We have $51m under management and exposures to some of Australia’s best private technology companies, including Canva, Athena, Propeller, Assignar, ActivePipe, Go1 and UpGuard.
The opportunity for secondary venture capital in Australia is vast. And, as the first-mover in this space we’re already fast becoming the go-to liquidity partner to the ANZ venture ecosystem. Our capital is impactful. It is used to help the people creating the value in the best ANZ technology companies realise some of it along the way. Many of the beneficiaries of our liquidity use it to create a better journey for their families.
We’re a young business, but we’re building a multi-generational venture capital funds manager. We will shortly be closing out our second fund which will be substantially larger than our first. We are hiring now to find up to two like-minded investor(s) to help us continue to scale as we look to raise new funds, build new products and expand our portfolio.
Job Description
This is an opportunity to join a fast-paced high growth Australian venture fund early in its life. You will be working directly in SecondQuarter’s Investment Team as one of its earliest members. You will be an active contributor to the formation of our investment frameworks and the composition of our portfolio. You will get front-line experience in venture capital investing and funds management with an ability to evolve over time into a specialisation that appeals. You will also get an exceptional entry into the Australian venture capital ecosystem and access to some of the minds that shape it.
Broadly speaking, the two key areas where you will spend your time include:
1. Due diligence:
Taking the lead on analysing new investment opportunities. This will involve collecting the information required to take investment opportunities from being a lead, through SecondQuarter’s investment funnel and to a point at which an investment decision can be made. It will include:
Meeting with the Founders and management alongside the Investment Team;
Company and market research;
Data analysis
Preparation of short form and long form investment materials (including financial analysis);
Building a logical valuation argument for each investment we make.
2. Research and portfolio management:
We are focused on continuously improving the quality and efficiency of the frameworks that power SecondQuarter’s decision making processes. You will assist in the development and management of processes that improve how we:
monitor existing portfolio companies; and
research new companies and sectors that are potential targets for SecondQuarter.
What are we looking for and who should apply?
There is no mould for a great venture capital investor. We value finding a candidate that brings the right attributes, personality and approach over one with a particular experience or background. So while there are no prerequisite skills for this job, you will be:
Data-driven: analytical and comfortable working with cloud-based data analysis tools to solve problems;
Curious: a clear passion for solving the considerable unknowns in technology investing;
Independent: an ability to work independently, with equal parts initiative and natural drive that allows you to navigate issues with independence, self-assurance and confidence;
A critical thinker: an ability to distil simplicity from complex concepts and articulate them
Humble: we are a team that acts in the best interests of our founders, investors and each other. There is no task too large or small, and all of us are willing to roll up our sleeves to get the work done. We share responsibility for our vision and don’t let egos to get in the way;
A builder: like the founders we support, we are on a journey to create something enduring here at SecondQuarter. We want people who are inspired to be on that journey with us, and are passionate about a career where they can actively contribute to building a sustainable long-term business and the culture that defines it.
We encourage anyone with a passion for technology and venture capital investing to apply. Ideally, you will have 2+ years of work experience where you’ve developed your critical thinking and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate for this role will be naturally analytical and comfortable with the foundations of data structuring, analysis and presentation. This includes being a whiz on excel and good with cloud productivity tools.
The position is ideally based in Sydney and we support remote working. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
To apply, please visit: https://secondquarter.vc/investment-analyst
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 – $139,799.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday"
30,30,"Here’s why our people work for oOh!
oOh! has an amazing team culture, we offer a very social place with a good balance of work & play
Excellent company culture with a family oriented working environment
Flexible working hours to assist with a healthy work life balance
Here is why we need you…
Due to ongoing growth in our Data and Insights team, we’re on the hunt for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team where you will be take your passion for data and analytics to the next level. We're open to having this role located in our North Sydney, South Melbourne or Brisbane offices.
Here's what you'll do...
Be responsible for performing data analysis, collating information, checking and then communicating results to stakeholders
Show strong competency in clear data visualisation and reporting
Be an expert in analysing trends, building reports and understanding segmentation and marketing analytics
Be proactive in troubleshooting problems and source effective outcomes
Respond to data related requests from our Product and Sales teams
This is what you’ll look like…
At least 2 years experience as a Data Analyst
Experienced in using SQL for data management
Experienced in analysing data using Python or R to generate insights and communicating insights to business users
Experience with BI reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau etc.
Provide analytical support across marketing campaign execution & optimisation
Knowledge and basic understanding of AWS
Experience from an agency environment highly beneficial
Who are we:
www.oohmedia.com.au
What’s next:
If you’re curious, brave, and ready to leap into a career like no other, we’re ready to open our doors to you. Apply now.
If you meet most of the role requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
oOh! actively seeks to include and value the unique talents, perspectives, experiences, and contributions of all people."
31,31,"Why we are hiring now:
SecondQuarter is Australia's first and only venture secondaries fund. We provide long-term liquidity to shareholders of venture-backed Australian and New Zealand technology companies. We have $51m under management and exposures to some of Australia’s best private technology companies, including Canva, Athena, Propeller, Assignar, ActivePipe, Go1 and UpGuard.
The opportunity for secondary venture capital in Australia is vast. And, as the first-mover in this space we’re already fast becoming the go-to liquidity partner to the ANZ venture ecosystem. Our capital is impactful. It is used to help the people creating the value in the best ANZ technology companies realise some of it along the way. Many of the beneficiaries of our liquidity use it to create a better journey for their families.
We’re a young business, but we’re building a multi-generational venture capital funds manager. We will shortly be closing out our second fund which will be substantially larger than our first. We are hiring now to find up to two like-minded investor(s) to help us continue to scale as we look to raise new funds, build new products and expand our portfolio.
Job Description
This is an opportunity to join a fast-paced high growth Australian venture fund early in its life. You will be working directly in SecondQuarter’s Investment Team as one of its earliest members. You will be an active contributor to the formation of our investment frameworks and the composition of our portfolio. You will get front-line experience in venture capital investing and funds management with an ability to evolve over time into a specialisation that appeals. You will also get an exceptional entry into the Australian venture capital ecosystem and access to some of the minds that shape it.
Broadly speaking, the two key areas where you will spend your time include:
1. Due diligence:
Taking the lead on analysing new investment opportunities. This will involve collecting the information required to take investment opportunities from being a lead, through SecondQuarter’s investment funnel and to a point at which an investment decision can be made. It will include:
Meeting with the Founders and management alongside the Investment Team;
Company and market research;
Data analysis
Preparation of short form and long form investment materials (including financial analysis);
Building a logical valuation argument for each investment we make.
2. Research and portfolio management:
We are focused on continuously improving the quality and efficiency of the frameworks that power SecondQuarter’s decision making processes. You will assist in the development and management of processes that improve how we:
monitor existing portfolio companies; and
research new companies and sectors that are potential targets for SecondQuarter.
What are we looking for and who should apply?
There is no mould for a great venture capital investor. We value finding a candidate that brings the right attributes, personality and approach over one with a particular experience or background. So while there are no prerequisite skills for this job, you will be:
Data-driven: analytical and comfortable working with cloud-based data analysis tools to solve problems;
Curious: a clear passion for solving the considerable unknowns in technology investing;
Independent: an ability to work independently, with equal parts initiative and natural drive that allows you to navigate issues with independence, self-assurance and confidence;
A critical thinker: an ability to distil simplicity from complex concepts and articulate them
Humble: we are a team that acts in the best interests of our founders, investors and each other. There is no task too large or small, and all of us are willing to roll up our sleeves to get the work done. We share responsibility for our vision and don’t let egos to get in the way;
A builder: like the founders we support, we are on a journey to create something enduring here at SecondQuarter. We want people who are inspired to be on that journey with us, and are passionate about a career where they can actively contribute to building a sustainable long-term business and the culture that defines it.
We encourage anyone with a passion for technology and venture capital investing to apply. Ideally, you will have 2+ years of work experience where you’ve developed your critical thinking and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate for this role will be naturally analytical and comfortable with the foundations of data structuring, analysis and presentation. This includes being a whiz on excel and good with cloud productivity tools.
The position is ideally based in Sydney and we support remote working. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
To apply, please visit: https://secondquarter.vc/investment-analyst
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 – $139,799.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday"
32,32,"Are you dedicated to data mining, interpreting, and visually presenting timely and insightful reports and findings on all Ministry marketing and operational activities?
Vision Christian Media is looking for a skilled and experienced Data Research and Analytics Coordinator to join our ministry team.
Full-time position.
Brisbane location (Springwood).
Immediate start.
Applications close at midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022.
The Opportunity
This is a team member role accountable to the Digital Media department manager, and working within the Media, Marketing and Communications division.
Vision began in community radio and printed publications. However, with the growth of multi-media digital platforms, social media and online activity, this strategically important role has been created to enable Vison too effectively, understand and respond to market forces and trends. As well as the needs of our internal stakeholders and external financial supporters and media followers, so we may always improve our management decision-making, products and services. As well as, being productive, wise and accountable for our actions in fulfilling our mission.
The successful applicant will be responsible to assist in the planning, researching, interpretation and visual presentation of data on all operational, audience, customer and supporter touchpoints for management reporting.
This is more than just a job; it is also a ministry opportunity and part of a personal gifting and calling to serve.
About Vision Christian Media
Vision Christian Media is a non-profit ministry organization, dedicated to bringing the Good News of the Gospel throughout Australia since 1986.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the country turn to us daily for encouragement, uplifting music and compelling messages through broadcast radio, printed and digital publications, podcasts, apps, and websites. We also operate a telephone prayer service and online store – all to help people look to God daily.
The Role
The Data Research and Analytics Coordinator role requires someone with deep analytical skills. Experience and competence using available analytics dashboards and services (like Google analytics). Design, build and maintain a database of regular reports and analysis as required for all digital, marketing and communications activity.
Core to your role is to gather market intelligence and deep dive into company performance data to analyse, see patterns and report in words and charts our market and operational performance. As well as, advise and recommend Vision’s online community strategy, increase awareness and trust in Vision’s brand through better data driven strategic planning, customer engagement, marketing content and coordinated digital campaigns.
Requirements for the role
The ideal applicant will have:
Appropriate sector qualification(s) and experience.
Up to date knowledge and skillsets for this type of role.
Experience with Google Analytics, Firebase, Meta Suite Analytics.
Knowledge of standard query language.
Proven ability to discern, select, develop, and present insightful reports.
Willingness to step up, investigate and recommend ideas where appropriate.
Great cross-organisational communication skills.
Proven ability to multitask in a busy environment.
Good time management skills.
Strong awareness and motivation in the pursuit of excellence.
Mature, balanced and wise judgment.
Willingness to align with our organisation’s mission, values and core beliefs
How to apply
This full-time position is based at our offices in Springwood, Queensland.
If this role sounds like you and would like to join our dynamic team, please email your resume and cover letter by midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022 to people@vision.org.au.
Your cover letter should be no more than two pages:
Tell us why you are interested in this position.
Demonstrate you have the skills, experience and heart to be successful in the role.
Only applicants with rights to work in Australia are eligible to apply.
The position will be filled when the right candidate is identified; early applications are encouraged."
33,33,"Overview
We are one of Australia's largest game development companies in Melbourne and we are looking for a highly skilled Front-end Programmer to join our talented team in developing a game for PC, VR, Mobile and console platforms. We’re looking for an individual that has strong UI and programming skills and will help bring our games to the next level by joining a team that holds the player’s connected experience at the core of its mission.


If you enjoy working in a young fast-paced environment, love the gaming community, and have a strong interest in games then this is a great opportunity to become part of a growing team.
Key Responsibilities
Create custom UI designs for a AAA title
Implement UI elements using CSS
Build elegant front-end solutions
Work closely with UI Artist & Game Engineers
Deliver functional, well-tested, and maintainable code
Develop, test, implement and maintain new user-facing features
Create a logical and innovative solution to address complex problems
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Ensure appropriate documentation of standard procedures
Work with back-end developers to integrate UI components and contribute to design and implement new features based on project requirements
What You Bring To The Role
Proven experience in Frontend Development
Experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Strong understanding of software development best practices
Strong understanding of web accessibility and cross-browser compatibility.
Strong understanding of front-end performance and optimization.
Strong communication and excellent troubleshooting skills
Bonus Points
Experience with Node.js or any backend language
Experience with React
Experience with Microsoft Azure and/or AWS
Experience implementing UI in games
Microservices experience
Passionate about games
How to Apply
Email your application to jobs@playsidestudios.com.


Your application should include your CV, cover letter and any relevant portfolio links.

Only candidates successful will be contacted. Do keep an eye on our LinkedIn page and careers page to future roles.
Email: jobs@playsidestudios.com"
34,34,"Data Governance Business Analyst
If you have an appreciation for Data Management and are looking to build your career in this rapidly growing specialisation, there is a unique and exciting opportunity to join the Group Data Office within Macquarie’s Banking and Financial Services Division. In this role, you’ll be working closely with a variety of stakeholders across the business to identify and manage critical data across our group.

What impact will you have?

As a Data Governance Business Analyst, you will work alongside Data Stewards, Process Owners and Data teams, guiding the implementation of our data management activities. You will build relationships with people across the data ecosystem, helping to increase the understanding of data governance, ensuring that critical data risks are identified and that appropriate controls are in place. In joining the team, you will:
work with stakeholders to understand their critical data, business processes and data flows & controls
be involved in documentation and data element mapping across systems (definitions, validations, lineage, and assessment of data controls)
work to implement and embed the use of new data management tools across the business
assist with designing processes and templates to facilitate effective data management.
What skills will you use?

To be successful in the role, you will possess 2+ years’ experience working with data management principles. This experience may have been gained through building data solutions, identifying data requirements, or addressing data quality issues. Other key skills include:
knowledge of data management and data governance principles
prior experience translating technical concepts into business concepts
ability to produce detailed documentation – including mapping business processes and data elements
excellent communication skills and desire to partner with business stakeholders to solve interesting problems.
This is an exciting opportunity where you will find yourself involved in diverse work across the Retail Banking space, utilising your strong communication skills to work collaboratively with and build relationships across multiple products and channels.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-962124
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Patrick Lockington
Opening Date: 09/5/2022"
35,35,"Analyst Programmer
(At least 10+ years of experience in Banking and Financial Services domain)
Salary: AUD 90,000 - 110,000 annually. Full Time.
About INGRITY:
We are a fast-growing, progressive Sydney-based data & analytics company. We service many large corporates and SMB’s in the financial services sector, to extract value from data.

At Ingrity, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce to deliver value to customers. As a value-driven organisation, we nurture and support our people by having a laser-sharp focus on skill and talent development, collaboration, and flexibility. As part of our growth strategy, we are inviting expressions of interest from eligible candidates to join our team and help our clients achieve their goals.
Key Skills & Experience:

Technical capabilities:
Should have in-depth knowledge of data science programming languages like Python, R, and Spark.
Should have a detailed understanding of Machine learning algorithms with the ability to modify their mathematical formulations to provide best in class analytical solutions.
Proven experience in solution deployment using Rest-APIs and other web services.
Must have experience handling data science projects in the general insurance and corporate banking domain.
Must have working experience in delivering analytical projects in a distributed computing environment.
Ability to develop machine learning pipelines for production-ready solutions.
Good to have experience in delivering NLP solutions on unstructured text data.
Must have superior SQL skills.
Should have hands-on knowledge of data visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI.
Experience with Azure AI is a plus.

Non-Technical capabilities:
Ability to work within complex and challenging data environments.
Proven experience in collaborating with internal business, reporting, and data engineering teams.
Should be able to work in the capacity of solution architect providing both domain and technical solutions to client’s problems.
Ability to work independently and multi-task to meet critical deadlines in a rapidly changing environment.
Manage end-to-end delivery of data science projects comprising of solution design, ML pipeline development, and deployment.
Continuously develop new and improved data science best practices and ML capabilities.

Responsibilities:
Lead team of junior data scientists and data engineers to deliver analytical projects across the BFSI domain.
Work with both technical and business stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive solutions.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance using tools like model drift, data drift reports.
Should be able to establish reliable AI frameworks in line with AI regulation to ensure zero solution bias.

Educational Qualification:
Masters in the business domain.
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent discipline.

Your development and Career Progression:
At Ingrity we’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce to deliver value to customers. As a value-driven organisation, we nurture and support our people by having a laser-sharp focus on skill and talent development, collaboration and flexibility.
With customer service in mind at every touchpoint, we take accountability for the role we play in creating and enhancing our client's business through the use of data-driven decisioning. At Ingrity, our belief is to “Imagine the impossible”."
36,36,"We are looking for a Senior Project Manager (full time) to take charge of our growing team of payments enthusiasts working on our biggest project in Australia.
Abrantix is a leading software engineering company in the electronic payments space. We are currently building the team to work on this exciting project and therefore looking for people who want to grow with us and help share the future of payments technology. Our employees are our greatest asset and therefore mutual respect and appreciation, a culture of open feedback and room for creativity and personal growth are important to us.
At Abrantix, you will be given the opportunity to solve challenging problems together with our clients.


What we offer:At Abrantix, we are proud to have an open culture and consider our employees our greatest asset. We believe in flat hierarchies, direct communication, creativity, room for growth and flexible working hours. You will be part of a motivated and knowledgeable team that will support you and allow for professional growth.
We value good work/life balance. Our office in Newcastle is close to the beach, the mall and cafes and has an accessible roof top terrace. Work from home is also an option and can be discussed.
Benefits of working with Abrantix:
Exiting project involved renowned and large players in the payments industry
Flexible working hours and ability to work from home
Working as part of a small and agile team
Having the support of the team, while you take responsibility for own initiatives
Passing on your knowledge and the same time continuously learning from your peers


You can expect:We are building a team to work on a major project and starting with a Payments Business Analyst to support the current Payments Consulting team. You will also be working with the Product Team and Development Team in developing cutting edge Test Automation and Services, including robotics.
Define Business Requirements, capturing existing solution features and validating features on new solutions, with the clients
Collaboration with external clients and other third party providers
Market analysis of existing product
Prepare and run analysis on data sets as base for decision making
Maintain and feed data information system for a long-term initiative with large client
Assist in developing mock-ups and user stories, together with the Product Team and validating releases against these
Bridge the gap between business and technical, collaborating with the development team in validating releases against features and user stories


We expect:Skills and Competencies
Analytical mindset
Self-driven and team player
Excellent communicator
Knowledge and Experience
Merchant card payments experience
3+ years experience as Business Analyst
Jira/Confluence
Knowledge of card payments industry, merchant terminals and Integrated POS
Knowledge of EMV, AS2805 of advantage"
37,37,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Perth, WA, AU Richmond, VIC, AU, 3121

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27294


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?

You will be responsible for:
Developing and implementing databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Interpreting data and analyzing results using statistical techniques and providing reports as needed
Identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets
Active participation in data quality initiatives.
Implementing organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determining level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones.
Timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Documentation of formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.
Collaborates with application developers, designers, and architects to ensure a shared understanding of the detailed functional and technical requirements.
Work with management and leadership to identify and prioritize business needs
Participates in reviews of plans associated with project execution.
Responds proactively to both business and project issues and escalates appropriately.
Ensures communication of Change Management activities and confirms solution and schedule adaptability
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 + years of related Business or Data Analysis experience.
Experience working with Agile development processes
Working knowledge in connection data migration tools like data services and third-party systems
Deep knowledge in exception handling
Work experience in job debugging and analyze data load failures
Sound understanding of data warehousing concepts
Experience in support activities like process chain monitoring, handling data load failures and incident resolution
Experience in performance tuning of data upload and reports
Advanced understanding of SQL, Microsoft Office
In-depth knowledge of analytical modeling.
In-depth understanding of various load process steps to connect multiple target systems
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Leverage knowledge to understand the current business state of client and recognize gaps caused by change initiatives
Develop Strong Understanding of the Product
Capability to read and understand & analyze application architecture/design documents
Knowledge in VSTS (Azure DevOps) or any defect management tool is a plus
Experience in dealing with multiple projects and cross-functional teams and ability to coordinate across teams in a large matrix organization environment
Strong relationship building and consulting skills. Fosters a climate conducive to establishing positive working relationships with clients and cross functional team members

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
38,38,"Job Description:

At Schneider Electric, we believe access to energy and digital is a basic human right. We provide energy and automation digital solutions for efficiency and sustainability.

We’re a dynamic, global company looking for passionate people to help us lead a digitalisation revolution that champions sustainability, efficiency, and safe, affordable power for everyone. We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Data Analyst to join our high performing team based in Macquarie Park Sydney. Reporting into the Chief Data Officer, the role is responsible to translate user stories into specifications and data products/deliverables such as data visualisations and data analytics insights.

Specific responsibilities include but not limited to;

Deliver output for stakeholders (data objects through ETL, visualisations, reports etc)
Present deliverables in demos including planning & delivery of demos
Provide input to architecture and strategy for continuous improvement
Define impacts of Product Owner and CDO decisions on data model, ETL and analytics processing for sizing, planning, and feasibility
Analyse and critically evaluate planned work to resolve conflicts, anticipate issues during planning session
Review data processing results and ensure consistency, quality and relevance

About you:

The candidate of choice will be able to demonstrate competence in processing, managing and analysing data. In addition, you possess the following relevant skills and attributes to be successful:
understanding of data sourcing, profiling, management
collaborative and proactive way of working to ensure alignment on outcomes and path to delivery
demonstrated ability and drive to understand and advise on business needs and value propositions driving the analytics/reporting backlog
good level of skill in data processing (eg SQL, python, Alteryx, Redshift)
good level of skill in delivering insights and reporting (excel graphs, Tableau etc)
self driven to achieve quality outcomes


At Schneider Electric your career will be meaningful, inclusive and you will be empowered. We expect that our employees put customers first, embrace differences and act like owners. Our leaders are tasked with shaping our future, building the best teams and using their judgement to deliver results.


We’re a great place to work but we are continually striving to be the best place to work, join us and see how!

#SEGreatPeople
#LifeIsOn
#LI-SF2

All applicants must have working rights in Australia at the time of application and will be required to provide documented evidence if selected for interview.

Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles from external agencies or suppliers via any method. If any candidates are submitted in an unsolicited manner, we will consider this as a direct candidate application to Schneider Electric and no fee will be payable.
(External) English Company Boiler Plate:
Why us?
Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.

€25.7bn global revenue
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
45% of revenue from IoT
5% of revenue devoted for R&D

You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled

It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct. Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such."
39,39,"Heyyyyy! We're Cashrewards, a shopping gateway to cashback deals and more from Australia’s leading brands.

We exist to make every day more rewarding for our members, for our brand partners, for sick kids and for each other.

Australian-owned and operated, Cashrewards is the market leader in the exciting cashback category. We provide our 1.3 million members with awesome cashback deals, coupons and discounts on more than 2000 of the world’s biggest brands. Apple, Myer, Liquorland, Adidas, Bonds, Target, Booking.com, THE ICONIC and many many more call our platform home.

Our brand partners work with us because our unique proposition delivers best-in-market returns on their marketing investment, growing sales and increasing customer loyalty. To date we have delivered more than $3 billion of sales for our brand partners, translating into more than $130 million of real cash savings for members. Along the way we have donated more than $1 million to the Starlight Foundation, helping bring joy to more than 26,000 sick children and their families.

We're backed by 1835i, one of Australia's leading venture funds, and we sit in their portfolio alongside some of Australia's most promising fintech and e-commerce companies including Airwallex, Valiant Finance, Divipay and Slyp.

About the Role
As a Data Analyst you will work to create the best practice in delivering insights to support the end-to-end direct
marketing campaign process, critical strategic insights, and This includes discovering insights to support the
marketing team in making strategic campaign decisions, developing customer segments to personalise
communications to customers, measuring the impact of merchant campaigns and uncovering hidden treasures
for our product and strategy decisions. You will work closely with internal business stakeholders such as the
Marketing team, Client Services, Product Marketing and Strategy teams.
Your Focus
Providing data support, quality control and oversight for end-to-end campaign / direct marketing execution
Proactively engage and collaborate with key stakeholders to understand key business problems
Translate business problems into data requirements
Perform complex data and commercial analysis to understand how customer behaviour and product changes affect the business
Deliver actionable insights and recommendation in the form of ad-hoc analysis, reporting or ongoing requests for multiple teams across the business (Product, Finance, Marketing, Operations, Member services, Board, CEO, etc.)
Delivering actionable insight in the form of customer segmentations, propensity models, campaign targeting & evaluations and any other analysis required to improve marketing performance
Leverage analytics techniques to build models and segmentations to support more personalised direct marketing and optimise campaign activity


About You
Autonomous – minimal guidance or supervision and work independently
Conscientious – process orientated and can work with teams to deliver the right outcomes in a timely manner
Agile - ability to handle non-routine problems and situations
Analytical - strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Commercial – possess a solution mindset, working with internal stakeholders to delivery strong business outcomes navigating any technical issues that may arise
Coach – capable of developing others in your area of expertise
Communication – excellent verbal, written communication, and presentation skills, with the confidence to provide insights and feedback to internal and external stakeholders
Experience in a similar role or delivering data insights and reporting
Highly proficient in SQL and querying relational databases
Preferred experience/exposure to reporting platforms such as Tableau & PowerBI
Knowledge of data analytics tools such as Python, R and Matlab is a nice to have
Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline
Experience in dashboarding key business metrics
Strong understanding of customer databases and/or complex data sets, including segmentation, clustering, and predictive modelling


Come and join our team

We have the opportunity to have a hugely positive impact on Australians. We are well-funded in a high growth category with proven product-market fit. We have a unique, vibrant and diverse culture and we encourage collaboration, pioneering new ideas and pushing the boundaries. We pride ourselves on having fun along the way.



With our centrally located Sydney CBD (next to the QVB) and Chatswood office, we offer flexible working and empowerment (and we really mean it!) as well as other great benefits including: summer hours, double cashback, discounted gym and wellness offering with Class Pass, birthday leave, and 16 weeks parental leave, as well as countless social events. We’re experiencing amazing growth and we’re excited to welcome new members to our passionate, engaged and dedicated team. Join us for an amazing ride!"
40,40,"Posted: 02/05/2022
Closing Date: 31/05/2022
Job Type: Contract
Location: Melbourne
Job Category: Banking and Financial Services,Call Centre and Customer Service,Insurance & Superannuation
At CSC, we know that it takes all of us working together, united as one, to guide our customers towards their retirement dreams. We’re proud to wear the government crest, and proud to serve those who serve our country.
Every day, CSC makes a real difference by guiding our customers to make the right choices, and to feel confident about their financial wellbeing. Through rich customer insights and world-leading investment strategies, we’re always growing and improving. That means creating an environment where each and every one of us has the opportunity to strive together for excellence.
Job Description
This unique opportunity in the business requires a technical minded and data driven individual to join the team. As the Reporting Analyst, you will have excellent attention to detail, problem solving ability and critical thinking skills to ensure the best outcomes are delivered by the business.
Your new role
Reporting to the Manager of Strategic Planning and Reporting, this role will provide data analysis to support the Strategic Workforce Planning and Reporting Team to deliver strategies to provide improved service and outcomes.
This role will play an important part in monitoring, analysing and interpreting operational trends. It will be pivotal in the development of research and analytics deliverables using appropriate data analysis, visualisation and presentation techniques. This includes development of production business intelligence dashboards and analysis reporting in visualisation tools such as Tableau.
Effective communication will be critical to this role, and the selected candidate will demonstrate experience communicating technical concepts and data analysis findings to both analyst and stakeholders within Customer Operations.
Desired Skills and Experience
What you’ll need to excel
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics, mathematics, engineering, science, information technology or computer science, desired
Ability to investigate and analyse complex data sets to produce insights and reports to assist achieving strategic outcomes and operational improvements
Use of tools such as MS Excel and programming languages Python, Matlab or R.Report
Experience business intelligence reporting/visualisation tools including Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik
Experience in profiling, exploratory analysis and statistical analysis of large, complex datasets with a focus on data quality to identify issues and root causes
Use of Customer Experience and Engagement applications including Genesys Infomart and Salesforce
Excellent relationship management and communication skills with the ability to work with teams across CSC
Have a willingness to learn about CSC schemes and the superannuation industry
High level of customer focus, accountability and professionalism
Proactive, organised and diligent attitude
What you’ll get in return
6 hourly rate contract with possible extension
Work from home/remotely across Australia
An intricate view of data and an understanding of how to reach the best outcomes for the business
What you will need to do now
To apply for the role, please upload your current CV and a cover letter outlining your suitability for the position."
41,41,"Python, SQL, Tableau
Automated workforce compliance
Strong Engineering and Leadership team



Data Analyst - Python, SQL, Tableau - up to $140k + super

We have a new Data Analyst role with a 4-year-old start-up that has revolutionised workplace compliance. The platform processes clients' data to make sure companies are compliant with regulations and paying their employees fairly.

We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join a team of 5, helping the business automate everything that’s coming up as the company scales. It's a mixture of Python and a bit of SQL. Down the track some tableau and analytics projects. Communication is important because you'll be working with the client success team.

Long story short: we're happy to talk to junior to senior level Data Analysts who have experience across Python and SQL. You'll be building automation pipelines.

What you’ll be doing…


Cleaning, transformation and preparation of client data for ingestion into our calculation systems using Python
Developing and presenting Tableau/PowerBI dashboards to translate results for our clients
Ad-hoc statistical and exception analysis of complex report data

We have around $140k + super negotiable...

You will have the opportunity to grow the responsibilities of this role as the business grows, whilst building your skillset with the guidance of their senior analytics team. There will also be the opportunity to contribute to the development of new tools, products and services.

Please apply and we will be in contact.

Thanks for reading."
42,42,"Do you enjoy watching how company specific news and current events impact the financial markets? Like solving puzzles and working competitively with a team to win?

SIG is looking for final year students who are interested in why financial markets move the way they do to join our 2023 Buy Side Research Graduate Program.

SIG is one of the world’s largest market makers, with a unique approach to trading, technology, and research. While this background puts us at the top of our game, what really makes us successful is our quantitative approach to decision making and the collaboration between our employees.

SIG Buy Side Research Graduate Program
Our Buy Side Research Analysts work directly with our traders to identify trading opportunities in the equity and options markets. From providing real-time opinions on breaking news to in-depth analysis of future catalyst events, our Buy Side Research Analysts have a constant impact on our trading strategies.

As a Buy Side Research Analyst, you will be responsible for finding opportunities that other market participants may not be capitalizing on, either by discovering new information or considering existing knowledge from a different perspective. You will be embedded in a sector-focused trading desk and work collaboratively with traders who rely heavily on the analysis you provide to make trading decisions. Grads can expect:
Option theory and option modelling lessons in the classroom.
Decision making - using game theory, decision science, poker, and other strategy games. It’s true what you’ve heard!
Real impact - SIG Grads work closely with our experienced traders and researchers on real-world projects that directly impact our trading business.

What we're looking for

Problem Solvers: You enjoy solving puzzles and love it when you discover a solution to a difficult problem, with a demonstrated interest in strategic games and/or competitive activities.
Analytical + Logical: When it comes to decision making, you use clear and sound reasoning. You’re rational and like to use analytical data and financial research skills to come up with sensible solutions.
Communicators: You enjoy building relationships with those you work closely with. You enjoy sharing ideas, expressing your thoughts, and listening to the views of others – excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must for this role!
Curious: You’re excited by a career in the financial markets and the reasons why markets move in the way they do.
Soon-to-be or Recent Graduate: Confirmed plan to graduate by December 2022 with a degree in Finance, Economics or related discipline, distinction average WAM, from an Australian or New Zealand University.
Interview Process

Apply -> Quantitative Assessment -> Recruiter Interview -> Case Study -> Interview -> Job Offer

SIG does not post salary information, so any salary information you find online may not be accurate because it was not provided or verified by SIG.

SIG does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or search firms. Any resume or referral submitted in the absence of a signed agreement will become the property of SIG and no fee will be paid."
43,43,"About This Role.
Amplifon have a newly created opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Marketing and CRM Function. Reporting to the Head of CRM and Operations, you will play a leadership role for data analytics across the organisation. With exposure to the entire business and customer journey, you will work to optimise marketing campaigns to generate business opportunity and growth.
To be successful you will have a curiosity streak, coupled with an ability to think critically and problem solve means that you always leave things in a much better state than what you found them in.
You will have substantial communication skills with proven experiences that show you are able to use visualisation and other mediums to tell data based stories about the discoveries you’ve made to all levels of an organisation from the C-Suite down
A background in data analytics, that preferably covers digital, customer or retail data with experience in some or all of:
Forecasting (both top down and bottom up),
Sales funnel and conversion rate analysis,
Churn analytics,
Segmentation,
Lifetime value,
Contact centre performance analytics
Key Accountabilities & Responsibilities
Play a key role in the Amplifon data analytics community where you will focus on uplifting how Amplifon's data competencies and acting as a key advocate for data literacy across the company
Use advanced analytics methods to extract insights from business data
Participation in the delivery of a suite strategically-identified customer journeys using data to develop and optimise the ‘right’ customer touchpoints.
Perform analysis and build data-driven models to answer business questions and needs
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships to direct new Sales strategies
Developing visualisations and presentations that you will use to influence key stakeholders to implement key recommendations from data science initiatives
Working with other team members across Marketing/CRM, IT, Reporting & Analytics to develop operational processes, practices and pipelines
Working with our Data Governance function to identify opportunities and uplift data collection and quality practices
Other tasks as deemed appropriate by Manager
About You.
Degree in quantitative fields (finance/accounting, mathematics, science, engineering or similar)
Strong knowledge of statistics – knowing how to design a good A|B test a must.
Excellent knowledge of SQL
Demonstrated practical experience in data visulatisation and interactive report building (PowerBI preferred but demonstrated experience in Tableau/Data Studio etc a positive)
Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to share information.
Knowledge of R or Python (desirable)
Demonstrated success in influencing stakeholders to deliver business results, sales and customer satisfaction improvements
Able to build long-lasting relationships with customers, both internal and external, based on trust, professionalism and rapport.
Open minded to change and always seek to improve your way of working, knowledge and attitude.
A self-starter approach with the confidence to look beyond the “here and now” for the “what could be”.
A positive “can-do” attitude
Organised, with attention to detail
Must be able to set an example of ethics and integrity for others, positively engaging with Company values, focus and programs
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with conflicting time demands
Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to share information.
Ability to manage expectations & deliverables for multiple stakeholders
Who We Are.
Amplifon Group – the global leader in hearing healthcare. We are a team of 16,000 employees located across 29 countries. Our mission is to transform the way hearing healthcare is perceived and experienced worldwide, changing the lives of millions of customers through the passion and superior care of our People. We attract, develop and empower the most talented people, who share our ambition and strive to demonstrate our values every day. With over 300 stores across Australia, we offer exclusive, all around, highly customised hearing care solutions and services, guiding our customers through their journey to rediscover all the emotions of sound.
What We Can Offer You:
Attractive and competitive base salary, tools of the trade
Birthday leave
A structured career path to help achieve your goals including potential opportunity in the future for a global assignment
Amplifon training, career development and lots of e-learning tools
Join our conferences and team functions throughout the year
Hybrid working
If this sounds like You, apply NOW!"
44,44,"Do you want your work to make a difference for NSW?
Together, we create thriving environments, communities and economies.
Reporting and Governance Analyst
Permanent full-time opportunity, Parramatta or Orange
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $99,431 to $110,064 + super


In this role you will be responsible for creating a reporting framework partnering with the ServiceNow Team. You will be looking at data from the platform and translating this into readable reports and/or dashboards to provide to the team. These reports will be provided to a wide range of stakeholders and will need to be tailored for the targeted audience. Once the reports are generated it will be up to you to look for trends, gaps and ways to make improvements.
About You
You will need to present with strong data analytic skills and have previous experience working with large reports. Strong communication skills will be a requirement as you will be partnering with various stakeholders across the department.
Essential Requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics or a related discipline or equivalent experience.


Desirable Requirements
Experience or knowledge of the ServiceNow tool.


For more information read the full Role Description: Reporting and Governance Analyst
For more information hit Apply to visit the iworkfor.nsw.gov.au website.
About Us
The Department of Planning and Environment’s (DPE) vision is to create thriving environments, communities and economies for the people of New South Wales. We strive to be a high-performing, world-class public service organisation that celebrates and reflects the full diversity of the community we serve and seeks to embed Aboriginal cultural awareness and knowledge throughout the department.


In our inclusive and accessible workplace, differences are embraced, contributions are valued, and everyone has a sense of connection and belonging. DPE supports various employee affinity groups, practice flexible working, offer job share and workplace adjustments. We are committed to the Premier’s Priorities and welcome applications from all.
To Apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume and cover letter expressing your interest and suitability for the role.
It is an essential requirement of the role that successful candidates are fully vaccinated by receiving an acceptable course of COVID-19 vaccination as defined by the Australian Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation (ATAGI) as a condition of employment.
Applications close Tuesday 24 May 2022 at 11:55 pm.
Should you require further information about the role please contact Puneet Behl, Manager, Service Management at puneet.behl@dpie.nsw.gov.au
A recruitment pool may be created for ongoing and temporary opportunities of the same role or role type that may become available over the next 18 months.
Looking for more information or assistance in applying?
Our Diversity team can assist to:
provide alternative formats to apply
make adjustments to the recruitment process
offer information about workplace adjustments and support networks


We encourage people with disability to apply. If you have disability and require more information on adjustments and assistance to apply, contact the Diversity team on Diversity@DPIE.nsw.gov.au (please include reference number).

If you are an Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander check out Our Mob on Country https://www.dpie.nsw.gov.au/premiers-priorities/our-mob-on-country to see the work we do and get assistance in applying.
Find us on Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn."
45,45,"Do you want your work to make a difference for NSW?
Together, we create thriving environments, communities and economies.
Reporting and Governance Analyst
Permanent full-time opportunity, Parramatta or Orange
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $99,431 to $110,064 + super


In this role you will be responsible for creating a reporting framework partnering with the ServiceNow Team. You will be looking at data from the platform and translating this into readable reports and/or dashboards to provide to the team. These reports will be provided to a wide range of stakeholders and will need to be tailored for the targeted audience. Once the reports are generated it will be up to you to look for trends, gaps and ways to make improvements.
About You
You will need to present with strong data analytic skills and have previous experience working with large reports. Strong communication skills will be a requirement as you will be partnering with various stakeholders across the department.
Essential Requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics or a related discipline or equivalent experience.


Desirable Requirements
Experience or knowledge of the ServiceNow tool.


For more information read the full Role Description: Reporting and Governance Analyst
For more information hit Apply to visit the iworkfor.nsw.gov.au website.
About Us
The Department of Planning and Environment’s (DPE) vision is to create thriving environments, communities and economies for the people of New South Wales. We strive to be a high-performing, world-class public service organisation that celebrates and reflects the full diversity of the community we serve and seeks to embed Aboriginal cultural awareness and knowledge throughout the department.


In our inclusive and accessible workplace, differences are embraced, contributions are valued, and everyone has a sense of connection and belonging. DPE supports various employee affinity groups, practice flexible working, offer job share and workplace adjustments. We are committed to the Premier’s Priorities and welcome applications from all.
To Apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume and cover letter expressing your interest and suitability for the role.
It is an essential requirement of the role that successful candidates are fully vaccinated by receiving an acceptable course of COVID-19 vaccination as defined by the Australian Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation (ATAGI) as a condition of employment.
Applications close Tuesday 24 May 2022 at 11:55 pm.
Should you require further information about the role please contact Puneet Behl, Manager, Service Management at puneet.behl@dpie.nsw.gov.au
A recruitment pool may be created for ongoing and temporary opportunities of the same role or role type that may become available over the next 18 months.
Looking for more information or assistance in applying?
Our Diversity team can assist to:
provide alternative formats to apply
make adjustments to the recruitment process
offer information about workplace adjustments and support networks


We encourage people with disability to apply. If you have disability and require more information on adjustments and assistance to apply, contact the Diversity team on Diversity@DPIE.nsw.gov.au (please include reference number).

If you are an Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander check out Our Mob on Country https://www.dpie.nsw.gov.au/premiers-priorities/our-mob-on-country to see the work we do and get assistance in applying.
Find us on Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn."
46,46,"50 million! Is the volume of product provided to patients in Australia and New Zealand in 2021. As a leading generic supplier in this market, Sandoz, a division of Novartis is committed to providing access to affordable medicines.
As a Data Analyst, you will support the new acquisition business, enabling efficient and accurate analysis and data provision to support the management of sustainable growth. You will join a highly collaborative team who work together to do the best possible job for the best collective outcome. This is an 8 month contract.

Your Responsibilities:

Database Validation and Accuracy - Coordinate the review and update of master data tables, understand and facilitate the smooth flow of data through a network of systems and maintain regular reports to highlight outliers and anomalies, following up with key stakeholders to resolve.
Commercial Account Support - Collate and prepare reporting and analysis for customers as required, manage processes and data inquiries.
Maintain customer records in CRM, including wholesale account numbers for pharmacy and hospital records, Communicate updates to wholesalers and complete validations regularly.
Triage and action general inquiries from field force and wholesalers.


Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis is committed to building an outstanding, inclusive work environment and diverse teams representative of the patients and communities we serve.
Minimum requirements
What you’ll bring to the role:

Process improvement and team focused mindset
Supports integrated analytical approach to solving problems.
Provide understandable and actionable business intelligence for key stakeholders.
Provide analytical support by ensuring timely delivery of regular reports and validations
Quickly learns and pilots the use of tools, data sources and analytical techniques needed to answer wide range of critical business questions and to improve status quo.
Advanced Excel knowledge and database maintenance experience.
Qliksense Dashboard experience is highly regarded.

Why Sandoz?
500 million patients were touched by Sandoz generic and biosimilar medicines in 2021 and while we’re proud of this, we know there is more we could do to continue to help pioneer access to medicines for people around the world.
How will we do this? We believe new insights, perspectives and ground-breaking solutions can be found at the intersection of medical science and digital innovation. That a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment inspires new ways of working.
We believe our potential can thrive and grow in an unbossed culture underpinned by integrity, curiosity and flexibility. And we can reinvent what's possible, when we collaborate with courage to aggressively and ambitiously tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. Because the greatest risk in life, is the risk of never trying!
Imagine what you could do here at Sandoz!

Join our Novartis Group Network: If this role is not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Novartis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network
Division
SANDOZ
Business Unit
Commercial OPS SIR SZ
Country
Australia
Work Location
Sydney
Company/Legal Entity
AU Sandoz Pty ltd
Functional Area
Data Science
Job Type
Full Time
Employment Type
Temporary
Shift Work
No
Early Talent
No"
47,47,"Sydney Based
Entry/Mid Level Data Analyst
12 Month Fixed-Term Contract

The Role:

Our client is an Australian Not-For-Profit organisation on the lookout for a Data Analyst on a 12 Month fixed-term contract basis
The Data Analyst will assist in the interpretation of data and turn it into information which can offer ways to improve the business and report on results achieved
$65k-$75k + Super + Employee Benefits depending on experience
Hybrid work model with two days working from home
Your Responsibilities:

Assist in the collection, collation, analysis and reporting of data
Providing key statistics to the business to assist in the measurement of results, identifying trends and/or patterns in data sets.
Provide support to the business with regard to M&E including: identifying possible key data to be used as performance indicators, measurement options, data available or possible new sources of data
Liaise with the Project/Program Managers to collect data during and after projects
Manage business database system (Domo) including consolidating, analysing and reporting all data
Prepare dashboards with key insights in Domo, based on the data provided, in a timely and accurate manner
About You:

1-2 years graduate/entry level Data Analysis knowledge essential
Some SQL knowledge is desired"
48,48,"We are currently seeking a Data Analyst who is interested in making a meaningful difference in Australian Healthcare during the COVID-19 crisis and beyond.
About the Role

Our Data Analysts work to understand our users, their pain points, and gaps where we can help them make data-driven decisions and improve their way of working. Your role will involve working with internal and external subject matter experts to understand what information will help them run their business and develop data visualisations to make data accessible to them in a timely and intuitive way.
As a Data Analyst at Cubiko your day-to-day will include:
Work closely with engineering, customer success, product and sales to build a product we're all proud of.
Data modelling and ETL.
Integrating data from many sources into our data platform.
Building data visualisations that make our users’ experience informative, valuable and meaningful.
Working closely with healthcare practices to support the development and their use of Cubiko’s products.
Managing and resolving product bugs and fixes.
The role will expand as our team continues to grow and we're active in providing plenty of opportunities for professional development and learning new technologies.
About you
You are smart, innovative and eager to apply your solutions to real-life problems. People seek you out for your technical excellence. You love building things and are involved in a bunch of cool projects that you’re excited to talk about and show. You’re approachable, dependable and genuine. You care about getting to know people and love working as part of a team to deliver more than the sum of its parts.
At Cubiko we value diversity in our people and the ideas they bring. We look after our team and pride ourselves on our supportive and friendly culture. We’re looking for people who identify with our values whilst also bringing their own individual perspectives to their work.
As a minimum, you will have:
A relevant degree in a numerical discipline.
You're smart, innovative and always learning new things.
You’re naturally curious and this drives you to research, experiment and deduce your way to knowledge.
You critically reflect on your own processes and challenge assumptions about how things should be done, exploring solutions that others might not consider.
You like the start-up vibe of a workplace and are excited by the prospect of working in an energetic and growing team.
Familiarity with SaaS apps a plus, but not required.
All Cubiko staff are required to undergo a National Police Clearance check.

What we do
Cubiko is a first-of-its-kind solution that displays data in easy-to-understand dashboards, providing medical practices with a visual representation of their practice data alongside selected metrics and key performance indicators. Combined sets of data, reported over time, and displayed in easy to understand visualisations help our users to understand whether the key parts of their business are performing as they need to be and where they can make changes to improve their business and their patient healthcare outcomes. To learn more, check out www.cubiko.com.au
What we value
We live these values every day.
Innovative: Innovation is in our blood! We’re curious and look for opportunities to do things smarter, faster, and better. We encourage change and growth, and we’re not afraid to stray away from the norm or doing things the way they’ve always been done in the past.
One Team: All for one, and one for all! We are a team that cares for and respects one another. We work in unison to deliver outstanding products, and we have fun doing it. We produce more than the sum of our parts.
Trust through Transparency: Building trust through transparency! We do this by being open, communicating regularly and having honest conversations – we tell it how it is. We operate fluidly, and as one team.
Customer-centric: Our customers and community are at the core of what we do! We’re committed to helping medical practices deliver outstanding patient care and improving patient outcomes for individuals within their communities. We achieve this through constant customer communication and feedback allowing us to develop products our customers love.

What we offer
Flexible working arrangements
Competitive Salary
Free snacks, beer, wine & coffee – we like to enjoy each other's company!
Personal learning & development
Standing desks and WFH equipment
Monthly social events and annual retreats
End of trip facilities in Fortitude Valley office (showers, racks, etc.)
A day off on your birthday
If this sounds like you and you'd like to join the Cubiko team. Great! Please apply via the ""Apply For This Job"" form, and we'll be in touch.
Don't hesitate to contact Robert Dickson, Cubiko, on 1300 CUBIKO (1300 282 456) for any questions or further details about the role.

* Direct applicants only, please. We are not currently accepting candidates from recruitment agencies*"
49,49,"Right now, EPiC Agile is looking for a talented ICT Business Analyst with proven experience working in Agile environments to partner with our awesome clients, whilst still being made to feel very much like EPiC Agile is home! This is a Full-time position located in Sydney CBD.
We are a Practitioner led Business Agility and Lean-Agile Transformation Consultancy. We coach at all levels of a business to inject lean start-up culture into the enterprise, creating work environments that people love! Our customer portfolio includes large-scale household names and smaller/leaner organizations throughout Australia, Singapore, and New Zealand.
Your main responsibilities will be:
Develop and implement functional solutions, systems and ways of working patterns such as Jira or similar software products, as well as establishing ways of working patterns (such as standups, sprint cycles, planning sessions & retrospectives) and ensuring quality and integrity of newly implemented data solutions.
Analyzing as-is business processes to identify inefficiencies may occur and help report these back to the business.
Investigate, identify and report areas where new business procedures can be implemented to improve systems/software and implement best practices wherever possible
Partnering with our clients to help formulate and document current and future business system and IT platform agility requirements.
Manage all related assignments using agile project management frameworks, principles and techniques (such as Scrum & Kanban) including technical plans, timeframes, resources and costs.
Track the progress of and help guide the development of your clients to higher agile maturity, acting as a reference point for all information regarding your team’s progress for all stakeholders
Conducting formal agile training, including coaching teams to follow the agreed agile delivery framework, and creating end user training documentation to ensure effective change management
Coordinate day to day operations and facilitate agile ceremonies to ensure the project teams are delivering value according to the project plan and priorities
Assist program managers to create overall project plans adhering to the agile delivery frameworks
Using various data modeling techniques (such as burndown charts), to help understand the needs of your teams and alter their agile ways of working practices.
Maintain accurate records of relevant technical and business information
To be considered, you will need to exhibit the following traits…
You will have a relevant Bachelor's Degree or higher.
You will have at least 3 years experience as a ICT Business Analyst including IT platform, system and software review and analysis.
You will need to have proven experience working in an Agile environment.
You are a certified Agile practitioner with certifications in one or more of the following; Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Lean Six Sigma, Kanban.
Proven experience in requirements gathering.
Proven experience in leading agile ceremonies.
Proven experience in running training sessions with clients, and are comfortable to run agile training sessions when required.
Excellent documentation and writing skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to analyze an environment, identify shortcomings and recommend improvements at a team level.
Ability to support the clients during and after an agile transformation, to help alleviate tension points where necessary.
Ability to lead, teach, show, mentor, advise and support people through their own agile journey.
You understand the change journey for people and have experience/understanding of change management to support large-scale organisation changes.
At EPiC Agile, we are committed to creating an awesome, inclusive culture, where you will be able to thrive. Coming to work each day should be filled with excitement as no two days will be the same. Too often people are not inspired to come to work, our mission is to change that!
If you’re an awesome human and want to be part of our amazing tribe, we’d love to hear from you so please apply now!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Employee mentoring program
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Work from home
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
0,0,"About us

Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL) and its subsidiary company Dyno Nobel, is a ASX 100 global leader in the resources and agricultural sectors with an unrelenting focus on Zero Harm. With a diverse leadership, we add value for our customers through manufacturing excellence, innovation, and world class services.

We provide ground-breaking solutions through practical innovation in the mining services and agriculture industry. The group comprises more than 5,000 people across the sales, commercial operations, and manufacturing footprint globally, including the key mining markets in North America, Asia Pacific, South Africa and South America.

The role

We're looking for someone who can oversee and progress environmental reporting across IPL's global operations in the areas of greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste. One of the most critical aspects of this will be ensuring compliance with all Australian carbon emissions regulatory requirements.

Key Accountabilities:
Collect, analyse, prepare, and present precise and meaningful environmental sustainability data for use by internal and external stakeholders, including managing IPL’s global data base and collection systems, and external audits. Ensure continuous improvements in monitoring parameters and system requirements to enable environmental sustainability reporting to remain in line with business and stakeholder requirements.

Prepare environmental reporting including reporting for external compliance and investor reports (e.g., NGER, ERF, CDP Climate Change Reports, NPI, etc) and internal sustainability reporting needs (e.g., business tenders, group sustainability report etc).

Manage external audits and drive continuous improvements to the global sustainability reporting platform (Cintellate by SAI Global) including data collection, upload, extracts and updates.

About you:
You'll be driven by a desire for precision and attention to detail, and you'll question data if it doesn't appear to be correct. To do this well, you'll need to have a background in environmental science, sustainability, energy, water and waste, and/or greenhouse gas generation . This position entails data management, data analysis, data entry and audit management, as well as interacting with a range of data owners globally to ensure that the data collected is correct..

Benefits to you

We are a team based on trust, collaboration and respect

An attractive salary package is offered

Flexible working conditions

Salary packaging options

Confidential employee assistance program

Mental Health and Well-being program

Options to purchase annual leave

Discounted corporate health plans

A little more about us

At the heart of Incitec Pivot and Dyno Nobel’s culture is business excellence and we seek like-minded individuals who treat the business as their own and who strive to challenge and improve the status quo, focusing on improving productivity whilst maintaining zero harm for everyone, everywhere.

The culture of safety is paramount, and you will play an integral part in promoting Health Safety & Environment (HSE) procedures to ensure Zero Harm at all times. You will also be familiar with modern safety practices as well as have the ability to pass a pre-employment medical assessment (including a drug and alcohol screen).

IPL is committed to building an inclusive and accessible organisation through the development of a culture that embraces diversity, improves organisational engagement and allows our employees to reach their full potential. IPL values the range of perspectives, experience and skills that a diverse and inclusive workforce brings to the organisation and, through this contribution, strengthens the Company.

' Candidates may be required to provide evidence of their COVID-19 vaccination status depending on government and customer requirements (role/location dependent).'"
1,1,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

EY is the only professional services firm with a separate business unit (“FSO”) that is dedicated to the financial services marketplace. Our FSO teams have been at the forefront of every event that has reshaped and redefined the financial services industry. If you have a passion for rallying together to solve the most complex challenges in the financial services industry, come join our dynamic FSO team!

The opportunity

We are growing our Data & Analytics team in FSO and now is an exciting time to join us on this journey. We are looking for people to join our diverse team who are passionate about technology & data with financial services experience. If you are a Consultant at the start of your career through to Director looking for your next role across the whole breadth and depth of Data & Analytics from next generation solution architecture, large scale data and technology delivery through to data risk, controls and governance, we would love to talk you. These opportunities are in Sydney and Melbourne.

You could be:

Working on a team to help our clients to find solutions to their most complex business challenges
Using your energy, enthusiasm and storytelling skills to convey the big idea to our client and our leadership while not forgetting the important details
Use critical thinking and problem-solving skills to design and develop cutting edge Data & Analytics solutions
Designing, building and implementing some of the largest data and cloud solutions in the market
Collaborating with your team and clients to develop the data & analytics strategy of tomorrow, today
Cross Pollinating with other EY competencies and teams such as business domain SMEs, technology teams including Cyber, Digital and Emerging tech to deliver large scale client transformations
Helping us grow a DnA FSO that is inclusive and diverse and that builds a better working world for our people

We are looking for team members to join us who are interested in any of the roles below:

Data Engineering and Development
Data Architects
Cloud Architects
Data Modellers
Data Regulatory & Controls Experts
Data Governance
Data Operations & Data Management
Technical Business Analysis & Data Analysis

Skills and attributes for success

Passionate about solving big complex problems using data and technology
Working with diverse and inclusive teams of talented people solving client issues
Financial Services experience (either industry or consulting and appropriate to your level)

We would love to talk to you if you want to hear more about a career in consulting or are considering a move back after taking a break from consulting or your career.

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary for Consultant is $90,000 including 10.0% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
2,2,"How will I help?
We have an exciting opportunity for Data Analyst role.
The Remediation Data Analyst sits within Consumer Bank’s Financial Crime Delivery unit which supports a multi-year Financial Crime project with a goal of uplifting customers to current AML/CTF standards. You will work closely with project delivery, financial crime stakeholders and marketing partners on customer targeted initiatives.
Your responsibilities will include:
Extracting, manipulating & analysing data for customer communications using Teradata SQL, together with running in-house campaign management tools
Develop a detailed understanding of the Westpac databases, data structures and core analytical procedures
Present results to various stakeholders of data points, campaign design and campaign execution
Develop and present new options or opportunities for clients to leverage the data and capabilities of Data Analytics
Performing 'QA' for team analysts
What is in it for me?
We’re going through significant change and this is an opportunity to work closely with our new Lines of Business to lead the business through the next phase of transformation. You’ll play a significant part of the future of a business that has been around for over 200 years. So, we’ll back you in the development of your career, and flexible working. You’ll also keep learning to grow, backed by a fantastic team of people within a can-do, supportive structure.
What do I need?
We' d expect you to have extensive knowledge of data discovery, extraction and analysis from large customer bases using SAS applications, SQL and advanced Excel. Experience with Tableau or other similar Data Visualisation tools is desirable. You will have proven business acumen and the ability to turn quantitative and qualitative analysis into business insights, opportunities and solutions. You will also bring a problem-solving mindset, along with exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills. Financial services industry and/or Direct Marketing or Lead Management experiences are highly desirable.
What is it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy , and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
3,3,"About the role
You will join the Business Services Division, Central Team and provide data analyst skills to various departments to cover key transformation and digitalisation projects. The team provides data strategy, architecture, analysis, and data visualisation resources. You will play a key role in supporting our Product Owners, speaking to business customers, identify business problems and build innovative insights from data. You will operate across diverse data sets and business problems including workplaces and corporate real estate, procurement services, operational resilience, supplier risk and NetZero sustainability projects
Work with business customers to define and capture questions, problems, and requirements
Translate requirements to data engineers to source data and collate for analysis
Build queries and models to look for insights to answer business questions
Document and explain to non-data experts how to use and interpret data
Design and create KPIs and visualisations in Power BI


About you
You will have a good understanding of data management principles and best practice
Highly proficient in data modelling, warehousing, and analysis
PowerBI expertise
Able to translate complex logic to non-technical business users and tell stories with data
Customer centric with a human centred design focus
Have a good understanding of designing and developing visualisations and reports (preferably using Power BI)
Curious and business outcome focused with an ability to break down a complex problem and work out how to solve it
Evidence of numerical and technical aptitude
Proactive and have great communication and stakeholder management skills
A natural collaborator with a learning mindset, happy to share knowledge and learn from others.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-963143
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Business Services
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 17/2/2022"
4,4,"YOUR IMPACT
Are you passionate about research and generating investment ideas? We’re looking for a professional to join our Australia SMID team in Sydney, to develop valuable insights and investment ideas for our clients.
OUR IMPACT
From macroeconomic forecasts to individual stock analysis, our team develops tools and insights to help shape investment strategies for clients and the firm. Our analysts work on client-focused research in the equity, fixed-income, currency, and commodities markets, mining big data that enters markets around the world each day to identify game-changing insights. You’ll be part of a team that is intellectually curious, creative, analytical, and passionate about performing market research.
JOB SUMMARY
The successful candidate would be working in the Australia SMID (Small/Mid-cap) team to analyze companies across a range of sub-sectors in industrial, consumer, technology and food/agriculture sectors.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Building strong industry knowledge across a broad range of sub-sectors of SMID companies
Building, maintaining and updating company and industry models
Analyzing market share, macro trend, and cross company and sub sector data analysis
Interpreting data and perform analysis on market, economic and technology trends
Assisting in compilation and writing of thematic sector and company research reports and investment recommendations for our clients
Responding to ad hoc requests from clients, sales and traders
Developing relationships with internal and external clients including company Investor Relations departments, and handling requests for information from clients and other Goldman Sachs divisions
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
1-3 years relevant work experience in investment research, comparable business/financial/consulting experience preferred.
Experience in covering stocks preferred, but not necessary.
Strong quantitative, analytical and technical skills - experience in Excel and working with financial models
Working knowledge of accounting, finance, and valuation
Meticulous attention to detail, strong analytical and organizational skills
Natural curiosity, critical thinking, logical thinking
Demonstrated ability to think laterally and exercise good judgment
Ability to multi-task and work with numerous teams
Strong communication and interpersonal skills - both verbal and written in English
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.
We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firm wide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.
We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Job Type: Full-time"
5,5,"Job Description

You will be working in a tight-knit analytics team in a startup environment experiencing explosive growth, you will be working on surfacing insight in our consumer healthcare businesses Pilot, Kin, Software and Normal.
The overarching goal of the Data Analytics team is to
Ensure the efficient allocation of capital in every aspect of the business - this means surfacing the relevant information to the relevant people at the relevant time to increase the quality of decision making
As a Senior Data Analyst at Eucalyptus you should:
Be interested in thinking about the data required to answer business questions from various stakeholders.
Be resourceful in how you procure and transform that information.
Have the ability to communicate the findings (if any).
Be a key architectural voice in designing and building a scalable business processes for a multi-asset multi-brand platform.
Be interested in formulating questions that tackle large problems and then break down those problems into their component parts (consulting skillset).
Work closely with product and design, as well as marketing, content, and operations to develop the best information processes.
Experience required
Need to have work rights in Australia and available for work in Sydney
Recent experience in predictive analytics
Recent and extensive experience in analysing and transforming data Excel, Python, R, PostgreSQL.
Recent and extensive experience in visualizing and presenting findings Tableau, Data Studio, Metabase, Javascript
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience with building reusable components across multiple applications and code bases
Ideally 3+ years experience in a similar role


Additional Information

Why join Eucalyptus?
We’ve grown from 0 to 200,000 patients
We’ve grown from 0 to 5 brands
We’ve grown from 4 to 200 people

All in just 3 years!
We are building the future of accessible, patient-centric healthcare right here in Australia and we want you to be part of this generational story!
We are backed by some of the best VCs in the world and Blackbird, who invested in us, put us among the fastest-growing companies they have ever funded.
What do we do, exactly?
Our mission is to build the future of healthcare and help people live longer, healthier lives.
We have built a bespoke technology platform to deliver healthcare to Australians with a level of care and depth that brings healthcare into the internet age and we are just getting started.
We work with doctors, specialists, pharmacists, and medical professionals from all over the country, and our brands (Pilot, Kin, Software, Normal, and Juniper) speak to different people at different stages of their life and needs. For example, our most recent brand, Juniper, is changing the conversation around menopause.
How do we work?
Things move quickly here.
We like to set goals with the mindset that if we hit them all we haven’t challenged ourselves enough. You’ll be surrounded by a world-class team of thinkers, designers, engineers and leaders who are obsessed with three things:
The health and wellbeing of the average person
Creating personalised, engaging, convenient user-experiences
Making healthcare fun and interesting (because it is)
We are experienced business builders, our roots and talent run deep in the DTC and technology space. We believe too many chefs spoil the broth and people are given the freedom to make decisions (and mistakes), and learn from the journey. Ultimately, we believe ideas are cheap and great execution is more important than anything.
Why you'll thrive here
Here are the highlights:
Come and experience the growth at one of the fastest growing startups (LinkedIn #5 fastest growing startups in Australia) while we are still small (~200 people).
Push yourself with challenges that are world-first, unique and exhilarating.
See the meaningful impact of your work on over tens of thousands of actual users (check out the customers that love us!)
Learn from some of Australia’s best marketers, engineers, creatives, operations specialists, and medical professionals - joining a diverse team from Atlassian, Canva, Google, Koala, McKinsey, Bain, BuzzFeed, Optiver, Halter and many many more.
A share in the company (equity), so you are rewarded for your best work.
And also it goes without saying: flexible location work arrangements, WFH allowances, parental leave, gym benefits, employee discounts, social clubs sponsorships, uncapped learning and development budgets for all of our staff.
Life is too short to not be curious"
6,6,"You will be partnering with a range of stakeholders within Macquarie, as you own and deliver exciting analytical projects across both Financial Crime and Fraud.
You will work in a fast-paced, agile environment full of complex challenges, whilst using technology to drive business and operational decisions.
In this role, you will be:
owning and delivering analytics projects and automated data solutions across both Financial Crime and Fraud.
develop insightful metrics and create dashboards to visualize fraud data and trends.
create appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the analysis.
manage multiple projects, BAU and ad-hoc activities across the team.
drive business impact by working collaboratively across a variety of working groups in an agile work environment to deliver outcomes in a timely manner.
To excel in this role, you will have:
To succeed in this role, you will ideally have 1-3 years’ experience in business intelligence or analytics.
You will have an analytical, curious mind and be passionate about using technology to drive business and operational decisions. You are comfortable in a fast-paced, agile environment full of complex technical and business challenges.
Extensive knowledge of SQL plus commercial experience with at least one of the following technologies: Tableau/Power BI, Alteryx/Talend, R/Python.
You will be able to use your communication and presentation skills to talk about projects that you have tackled with these tools.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-959698
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Chelsea Hollins
Opening Date: 15/5/2022"
7,7,"Policy, Analysis and Legislation, Revenue Analysis
Canberra
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $79,880 - $84,682 + 15.4% super
We are seeking professionals to join our Revenue Analysis Branch (RAB).

As a Revenue Analyst in our Policy, Analysis and Legislation business area, you’ll undertake research and data analysis activities relating to forecasting and reporting on revenue collections, administered expenses, policy costing, compliance costs, and management of tax data.

You’ll assist in the preparation of taxation data and statistics for release, publication or inclusion in Parliamentary or other briefings.

You’ll apply your understanding of issues associated with revenue and expense forecasting and budget preparation to provide tailored advice to various partners.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Canberra."
8,8,"At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sydney NSW, Australia; Melbourne VIC, Australia.
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience in data engineering/analytics/science solutions for enterprise B2B software.
Experience as a pre-sales solutions architect/specialist sales engineer in a technology company that specializes in modern data and analytics solutions.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience in technical selling role/field, such as analyst, data engineer, data scientist, machine learning engineer, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data engineering and integration solutions, such as ELT/ETL, CDC, Stream/Batch/Unified Processing, Unified Data Warehouse/Lake Architectures, Distributed SQL Engines/Federated Queries, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data governance solutions, such as Data Catalog, Data Quality Management, Master Data Management, Data Leakage Prevention products, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced AI/ML or data productivity suite of products, such as EDA, Model Build, Deployment, Industry focused AI Toolboxes (i.e., Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, etc.), etc.
About the job
The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.
Partner Engineering at Google Cloud Platform is responsible for ensuring customers benefit from partner solutions complementing Google Cloud's capabilities. In this role, you will work with solution architects and sales teams as a security subject matter expert for a partner solution to make Google Cloud useful to our customers. You will help prospective customers understand the power of the partner solution in conjunction with Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Help Sales and Google Cloud Architect teams understand the core value proposition for the security partner or solution.
Help the Sales and Solution Architects identify the right personas and segments of customers for the security partner or solution.
Help our data and analytics partners create solution plays, and complete guides for the Sales team and the Solution Architects to help them pitch and architect the solution.
Operate systematically and at scale by working with a Program Management team to identify prospective existing and new accounts in the territory, organizing them by industry segment, and creating applicability criteria of a given partner solution and an execution plan.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form."
0,0,"Policy, Analysis and Legislation, Revenue Analysis
Canberra
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $79,880 - $84,682 + 15.4% super
We are seeking professionals to join our Revenue Analysis Branch (RAB).

As a Revenue Analyst in our Policy, Analysis and Legislation business area, you’ll undertake research and data analysis activities relating to forecasting and reporting on revenue collections, administered expenses, policy costing, compliance costs, and management of tax data.

You’ll assist in the preparation of taxation data and statistics for release, publication or inclusion in Parliamentary or other briefings.

You’ll apply your understanding of issues associated with revenue and expense forecasting and budget preparation to provide tailored advice to various partners.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Canberra."
1,1,"At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sydney NSW, Australia; Melbourne VIC, Australia.
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience in data engineering/analytics/science solutions for enterprise B2B software.
Experience as a pre-sales solutions architect/specialist sales engineer in a technology company that specializes in modern data and analytics solutions.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience in technical selling role/field, such as analyst, data engineer, data scientist, machine learning engineer, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data engineering and integration solutions, such as ELT/ETL, CDC, Stream/Batch/Unified Processing, Unified Data Warehouse/Lake Architectures, Distributed SQL Engines/Federated Queries, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data governance solutions, such as Data Catalog, Data Quality Management, Master Data Management, Data Leakage Prevention products, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced AI/ML or data productivity suite of products, such as EDA, Model Build, Deployment, Industry focused AI Toolboxes (i.e., Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, etc.), etc.
About the job
The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.
Partner Engineering at Google Cloud Platform is responsible for ensuring customers benefit from partner solutions complementing Google Cloud's capabilities. In this role, you will work with solution architects and sales teams as a security subject matter expert for a partner solution to make Google Cloud useful to our customers. You will help prospective customers understand the power of the partner solution in conjunction with Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Help Sales and Google Cloud Architect teams understand the core value proposition for the security partner or solution.
Help the Sales and Solution Architects identify the right personas and segments of customers for the security partner or solution.
Help our data and analytics partners create solution plays, and complete guides for the Sales team and the Solution Architects to help them pitch and architect the solution.
Operate systematically and at scale by working with a Program Management team to identify prospective existing and new accounts in the territory, organizing them by industry segment, and creating applicability criteria of a given partner solution and an execution plan.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form."
2,2,"Education
Assessment
Melbourne
Full Time, Permanent

5/5/2022

$105,388 PA plus 14% superannuation
Full-time, permanent role
East Melbourne location with WFH flexibility
Additional leave over Christmas Period and wellbeing days

About the RACGP

The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners (RACGP) is the peak representative organisation for general practice, the backbone of Australia’s health system. We set the standards for general practice, facilitate lifelong learning for GPs, connect the general practice community, and advocate for better health and wellbeing for all Australians.

We’re committed to diversity and social inclusion. We encourage applications from people who identify as Australian Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander, people with a disability and people from culturally diverse backgrounds.

About you

As the successful candidate, you’ll bring your deep and broad knowledge of best practice data analysis, business intelligence, machine learning, and high level of technical and problem-solving skills to the role, along with your reporting expertise to provide state-of-the-art analytics support to the Education business unit. You’ll also have:

Advanced skills in quantitative data analysis with extensive knowledge of statistical theory and reasoning.
Advanced level R programming skills in R Studio with substantial experience in data cleaning, data exploration, statistical analysis and visualization.
Basic to intermediate level skills in Microsoft Power BI and advanced level skills in Microsoft Excel.
Advanced problem-solving skills, with an ability to manage timelines and conflicting priorities.
Ability to coordinate and manage communication on data projects.
Demonstrated experience in working in a team and independently, preferably in a comparable data analysis and reporting role.
A proven track record of analytical accuracy and quality assurance experience.

The opportunity

As our Senior Data Analyst you’ll be responsible for effectively processing Pathway entrance and Fellowship assessment exam results to ensure the RACGP policies and standards are met. You’ll provide statistical and analytical advice for operational tasks and data-driven decision-making processes, and will ensure that the data, code base, reporting framework and Quality Management System (QMS) are up to date and align with all the changes in policies, processes and business rules. Some of your key responsibilities include:

Process assessment results, statistics and reports using RACGP’s result processing framework.
Design and conduct research analysis and forecasting to support assessment development and operations.
Collaborate with stakeholders in all aspects of data analysis including data collection, data quality, and interpretation of statistical findings.
Take accountability of the design and development of the analytical framework for exam result processing and reporting.
Design, develop and maintain the business intelligence framework for reporting the results of current and historical exams.
Develop reports to formats and standards as specified and requested by stakeholders.
Analyse the impact of policy and business rule changes on analytics and reporting processes.

Benefits:
Salary plus 14% superannuation
Full-time, permanent role
East Melbourne location near Jolimont station
WFH flexibility
Additional leave over Christmas Period and wellbeing days

To apply

Please apply as soon as possible as we will be reviewing applications as they are submitted, and interviews will commence with suitable applicants who have applied.

Towards the end of the process, applicants will be asked to complete pre-employment screening, which may include reference checks and/or a National Police Check.

For a copy of the position description, visit https://www.racgp.org.au/the-racgp/careers/position-descriptions

RACGP internal applicants, please notify your manager of your internal application."
3,3,"Brighter Futures Start here
As Australia’s biggest and most loved retailer, we’ve been brightening up everyday life for families for over 50 years. At our stores, distribution centres, and offices in Australia and New Zealand. All around the globe. Our diverse and inclusive 47,000 strong team come together for a common cause. Giving families easy access to our on-trend products and incredibly low prices – it’s the heart of everything we do.
As a leader in the retail market, we’re optimistic about our future and yours. We’re relentless in our pursuit for results, but changing at a rapid rate, giving you challenging work that you’ll be proud of. We celebrate your uniqueness and individuality. Because at Kmart it’s not just what you do, it’s who you are that makes every day living brighter.


What you’ll be doing
Our Kmart Stores New Format teams are currently delivering some exciting digital initiatives across the inventory management, fulfillment, payments, and mobile application streams. There is a serious focus on what the future of in-store technology looks like within Kmart – it is truly an exciting time to be working in this space! We are looking to bring on board an Operations Data Analyst to help deliver innovative projects such as robot integration for inventory management and AI. You will be working on greenfield projects where you will have the opportunity ensure accurate data between our systems and analyse information & results.


Our teams are building and creating ‘first of their kind’ technology in retail. You will be working on proof of concepts projects that will change the way Kmart technology is used in stores.


Reporting into the Analytics Lead for Digital Stores, the role of Operations Data Analyst is to help our tribe to leverage data for business decision making. This includes building insightful reports and dashboards, performing hypothesis testing and generating recommendations for optimising business operations.


Key responsibilities for this role include:
End to end data validation and correction
Systems testing
Analyse data and provide statistical analysis to improves cost and customer experience
Issue and bug identification
Be the conduit between operations and data tech teams
Maintain a data dictionary, definition and documentation
Collaborate with the wider data science and data engineering teams to deliver value


About You
To meet the challenges of this role, you will ideally possess the following skills and experience:
Technology or Mathematics related tertiary qualification preferred
2+ years’ experience in data analytics related roles
Strong proficiency in SQL and Microsoft Excel required
Exposure to business intelligence tools, such as Power BI is helpful
Quantitative aptitude with exposure to mathematical modelling
Ability to demonstrate thought leadership, initiative and operate in an autonomous manner
Clear communicator with an ability to ensure consistent messaging in relation to measuring business performance
Strong ability to manage multiple accountabilities and prioritise effectively
Demonstrated ability to deliver results in a fast paced environment


Benefits we’ll offer you:
A dynamic learning and support program
Competitive remuneration
Flexible working through our Flex Where, Flex When, Flex Well policy
A discount card for Kmart, Target, Officeworks and Bunnings, plus other benefits
An inclusive, fun recognition program
A bonus program (where eligible)
Development opportunities across Kmart Group (comprised of Kmart, Target and Catch) as well as the broader Wesfarmers Group.
Wesfarmers Share Plan access (where eligible)


We’re here to make everyday living brighter
From humble beginnings in Burwood East, Victoria, in 1969, we’re now an essential part of 300 communities, and proud of it! From bedding to apparel to kitchenware and beyond. We’re designing and creating the products people reach for every day. In-store, online, or Click & Collect – getting the products we love into the hands of happy customers is what we aim to do best. From the remote outback to coastal towns and big cities, and everywhere in-between. We’re progressive in our pursuit to create seamless customer journeys for satisfied shoppers.


A place you can belong
At Kmart, we celebrate the rich diversity of the communities in which we operate and are committed to creating inclusive and safe environments where all our team members can contribute and succeed. We believe that all team members should feel valued, respected and safe irrespective of your gender, ethnicity, indigeneity, religious beliefs, education, age, disability, family responsibilities, sexual orientation and gender identity and we encourage applications from all candidates.
We believe that everyone should have the opportunity to do well when applying or working at Kmart, therefore we encourage you to share any feedback by emailing diversity@kmart.com.au if you would like any adjustments.
If you would like to explore a career with Kmart and this sounds like the perfect role for you – apply now!
Phone screening and interviews will occur prior to the closing date of this advertisement. Candidates interested in this position should apply directly to this advertisement as we are not accepting applications from recruitment agencies. As part of our recruitment process, we will be conducting Pre-Employment Checks with our successful candidates – this will include a police check. Talent Acquisition will provide further updates to candidates as they progress through our recruitment process.


We are a Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant."
4,4,"Required Skills: SQL / Teradata / shell scripting
Roles and Responsibilities:
GIT Bash
Shell Scripting·
Strong SQL coding ·
Jenkins·
UNIX environment·
Control-M
Attitude·
Collaborative & Persuasive,
Self-motivated, Committed,
Always-on learner·
Delivering high quality, fit for purpose.
Additional skills: ·
Mainframe general knowledge,
OPC, OMCS, File-aid etc ·
COBOL (would be handy with upgrade project, but understand not likely to have COBOL and key skills above)·
JCL·
Endevor·
Python
Domain
Banking experience must
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $90,000.00 – $93,900.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
5,5,"Allen & Overy is a leading global law firm operating in over thirty countries. By turning our insight, technology and talent into ground-breaking solutions, we’ve earned our reputation as a firm that leads the industry and opens up new possibilities in law. Our lawyers are leaders in their field – and the same goes for our support teams. Ambitious, driven and open to fresh perspectives, we find new ways to deliver our services and maintain our reputation for excellence, in all that we do.

The nature of law is changing and with that change brings unique opportunities. We are defined by our consistent commitment to creating a collaborative and supportive working culture and investing in your progress. We’re committed to supporting a culture that drives diversity and inclusion. Every day, we’re working hard to create an environment where you feel you can bring your authentic self to work. To be comfortable and confident to be who you are in the workplace. To feel like you belong. We offer rewarding careers that are built around your strengths and designed to ensure you can achieve your personal and professional ambitions. Joining our global team, you’ll discover what collaborating on a global scale really looks like; you’ll learn how to help drive change; and you’ll be at the heart of an organisation that’s defining the future of law. If you’re ready to find a place to thrive: It’s Time.

Department purpose

The Global Information Security & IT Risk team is responsible for setting the firm wide strategy for Information Security and changing, managing and maintaining controls to ensure continuous alignment with the strategy. The team must deliver and support robust, reliable, cyber and information security controls 24x7x365 on a global basis.

The Information Security & IT Risk team is responsible for primary controls assurance, client compliance and security requirements and security controls definition. In addition the team is also responsible for tracking obvious and far less obvious threats and vulnerabilities to ensure the protection of client data and the firms digital services, information and data remains robust even as the threat environment constantly evolves.

Role purpose

The Threat and Vulnerability Analyst is a member of the Global Information Security Operations team. The job is focused on six outcomes:

1) Deliver vulnerability analysis services support the Snr Threat and Vulnerability Analyst and the wider Security operations team by gathering, analysing and prioritising vulnerability data across the estate using vulnerability scanners (CVE scanners), pen test tools and services and network scanning capabilities.

2) Conduct risk and threat assessments document risk and threat analysis when detailed analysis of a vulnerability or threat is required. Share analysis with the Snr Threat and Vulnerability Analyst and wider global security operations team.

3) Get to know applications at a security level build an understanding of application architecture, associated data flows and behaviours as well as the characteristics of generic IT infrastructure (DNS, directory services, web proxies etc). Build security monitoring rules which accurately reveal anomalous behaviour within applications, data flows, Cloud SaaS/PaaS/IaaS services as well as traditional IT infrastructure.

4) Find back doors and miss-direct attackers conduct day to day monitoring on honey pots and evolve honey pot content, placement and monitoring rules. Use network and service scanning and data analysis tools to discover vulnerabilities over and above the output of vulnerability monitoring tools (for example open application services). Probe and assess these potential vulnerabilities. Adopt and promote the use and lexicon of MITRE ATT&CK and STRIDE across the global threat hunting team and consistently analyse and represent attacker behaviour in the context of MITRE ATT&CK.

5) Maintain the vulnerability register support the Snr Threat and Vulnerability Analyst by sharing relevant vulnerability and threat data whilst updating the threat and vulnerability registers when asked to do so. Work closely with threat intelligence providers to regularly keep up to date with changes in the threat environment our firm, the legal services industry and our supply chain.

6) Globalise the InfoSec incident response process by a) Monitoring the main InfoSec mailbox and ticket queue during local business hours b) Initiating and managing the InfoSec incident response process when a suspect incident occurs in local business hours c) Collaborating with InfoSec colleagues in Europe and North America to ensure that priority tasks and issues are adopted and handed over at the opening and closure of local business operations.

Key relationships
Works closely with the Senior Threat and Vulnerability analyst sharing vulnerability and threat intelligence and the Manager Security Operations (Belfast).
Works closely with the Security Logging & SIEM Snr Analyst (Belfast).
Maintain a close working relationship with the IT Service patching teams globally.
Maintain a good relationship with the Manager Security Operations (Belfast).
Maintain a good relationship with the Lead Security Assurance Architect (London).
Role and responsibilities
Deliver vulnerability analysis services.
Conduct and document risk and threat assessments.
Get to know applications at a security level.
Find back doors and miss-direct attackers.
Promote the adoption and use of the MITRE and STRIDE frameworks across global Security Operations team globally. Demonstrate by example the efficacy of MITRE and STRIDE.
Team

Security operations staff (APAC) of which this role will be a team member.

Key requirements
Demonstrate experience of IT security and IT infrastructure security, security vulnerability management and cyber incident response.
Possess relevant vocational qualifications (CISSP / CISM / CEH for example).
Be familiar with log analysis and data analysis tool like ELK and be able to leverage such tools to accelerate the analysis of a suspect security incident.
Demonstrate energy and tenacity and the ability to delivery threat and vulnerability analysis in time critical and sometimes demanding situations.
Be able to communicate well visually (through slides and pictures).
Be able to work well in a technical team locally and globally."
6,6,"12 months max term opportunity
Location: Parramatta
How will I help?
This role exists to conduct Enhanced Customer Due Diligence within Anti Money Laundering & Sanctions Operations (AMLSO). The Customer Due Diligence, Customer Risk Assessment team is required to assess triggers when a new customer is on-boarded or when changes are made to a customer’s profile that may trigger a significant change to the customer profile or when customer are screened for Politically Exposed Person (PEP) or Counter Terrorism Financing (CTF).
You will be responsible in conducting Enhanced Customer Due Diligence (ECDD) on Increased Risk Trigger and Customer Screening and contacting Business Units, Branches, Relationship Managers to obtain information required to adhere to the ECDD standards and the AML Operations Agreement.
You will respond and action queries in a timely manner and attach all documentation to the audit log of the case for record keeping purposes. You will alert management of Customer Alerts –CTF and Politically Exposed Person (PEP) on the daily and weekly screening as well as increased risk trigger. You will raise Unusual Matter Report when red flags are identified as per AUSTRAC typologies, be across Threshold Transaction Reporting (TTR) and International Funds Transfer Instructions (IFTI) and make sure that daily uploads to AUSTRAC are conducted and the responsible area is notified immediately if uploads fail.
As a Risk Analyst- Customer Due Diligence, you will make sure that you adhere with the effective controls that are in place for all financial, regulatory and compliance requirements and processes. You will understand the (Increased Risk Role) IRR and how it interacts with other areas within Financial Crime and Fraud Prevention (FCFP) and how your actions can impact risk in other divisions and can confidently act in accordance to the policies and scenarios in the area.
What is in it for me?
In a word, lots! As well as job flexibility and the financial benefits for being part of the Westpac team (like special banking, wealth, and insurance offers) you will be paid well, and trained so your career can grow as you do. You will also be encouraged to take part in our fun community projects as a paid volunteer. Importantly you will play a significant role in the future of a business that has been around for 200 years.
What do I need?
You will have strong attention to detail and the ability to make decisions in a timely manner. You will have an analytical though process and be able to juggle multiple priorities to ensure service level agreements are met.
You will be comfortable in navigating multiple systems simultaneously
Previous experience in Banking and Financial Crime would be advantageous.
What is it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. As an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility- and champions inclusion.
How do I Apply?


As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply.
The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
7,7,"Join our Commodities Global Markets business in this unique role as an enthusiastic and innovative Analyst, looking to gain experience in data analysis and project co-ordination. You'll need to be confident with data and possess an eye for detail as well as take an innovative and strategic approach to your work.
You'll be analysing business data, diagnosing pain points and creating solutions. You will work closely with Technology, Finance and Businesses stakeholders to determine requirements, assisting with implementation and testing changes.
This is a unique opportunity to develop and build a network across multiple teams in Macquarie and will suit you if you are a self-starter who can manage a range of competing priorities and projects, with the ability to adapt to change in a dynamic environment.
The Commodities Global Markets Data team ensures that the team are maintaining data appropriately with regards to completeness, quality and timeliness, as well as ensuring that Commodities Global Markets data is compliant with global regulations and internal policies. Your responsibilities will include:
ensuring that data produced is complete, accurate, valid and relevant using system validation and exception / control reports and consistent with regulation and internal policies
stakeholder communication and managing issues to resolution
analysing data to identify issues, designing resolutions and writing requirements, and co-ordinating implementation of system and process changes
completion of periodic reporting tasks, requiring interpretation of financial markets data
reviewing current control framework to develop and implement robust controls
working with a variety of teams to implement solutions to assure consistent data quality for all consumers of our data
liaising with analysts and businesses to ensure that data is represented appropriately, including for complex derivatives.
To be considered, you will:
hold tertiary qualifications with a high level of academic achievement; PC literacy, particularly in Excel will be assumed
possess a minimum of 1-2 years financial services or financial markets experience
Understand of have knowledge financial products
highly numerate with an ability to interrogate, interpret and draw conclusions from multiple data sources, and have an aptitude for identifying issues and determining solutions
have a level of confidence to convey complex and technical requirements to both peer and senior colleagues
consider yourself a strategic thinker who enjoys problem solving.
If you are looking to grow your career within data and projects, please apply online today by submitting a covering letter and concise resume. Please note that applications without the supporting cover letter will not be progressed.


Job no: CGM-962739
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Division: Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 27/1/2022"
8,8,"12 Month Fixed Term Contract
Location: Clarence Correctional Centre (Grafton, NSW)
Immediate Start

About you
You are a process driven and solution focused Data Analyst with exceptional attention to detail, sound judgement, and a flexible and agile approach. You are engaging and collaborative, whilst having a high degree of emotional intelligence and outstanding interpersonal and communication skills. You thrive in fast paced, complex and ever-changing environment, and can prioritise conflicting needs diplomatically whilst following through on actions and commitments. You’re a respectful and professional person who demonstrates exceptional values in everything you do.

About the role
The key purpose of this position is to support the Facilities Manager in the delivery of the Asset Management Plan. Specifically, the forecasting of and extension to; lifecycle replacement activity. Integral to the success of this position is the validation of asset data, including life expectancy and maintenance activities that will enhance the assets life expectancy.

To be successful in this role you will have:
The highest levels of personal integrity and ethical behaviour
Degree level qualification or higher in Engineering or Commercial discipline
Demonstrated experience working within a property or asset management environment
ERP/ CAFM / CMS application configuration and user experience
Knowledge of PAS 1192-3:2014.
Sound knowledge of relevant legislative requirements according to contract obligations, and any other specific requirements for a Correctional Centre.
Sound business acumen and a track record of delivering value-add impact in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Strong organisational and time management skills
A highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated ability to drive outcomes

This is a position of trust and responsibility and to support this we will conduct a thorough probity assessment as an essential section component for this role.

About Us
We have been operating correctional services in Australia for almost 15 years. As a prison operator, safety and security is always our first priority and the new Clarence Correctional Centre is no exception. Newly opened in mid-2020, this 1,700-bed state-of-the-art facility is the largest correctional centre in Australia.

At Serco, you’ll be part of a team of more than 50,000 people delivering essential services on behalf of governments and organisations around the world. We apply world's best practice, insights and technology across six key sectors: Citizen Services, Defence, Healthcare, Immigration, Justice and Transport. But no matter your role or where you’re based, we each share the same goal – to bring service to life to make a positive difference every day. To learn more please visit www.graftonserco.com.au

About NSW Mid-North Coast
Located on the beautiful NSW Mid-North Coast approx. 6 hours’ drive from Sydney and 4 hours from Brisbane our region offers rainforests, epic headlands, sand dunes and some of the best Australian beaches with a variety of multi-cultural cafes, restaurants and friendly community towns. Our region has something to offer everyone from trail walks in National Parks, ocean adventures, sporting, relaxation and a vibrant culture. With recent Pacific Highway upgrades and investment in infrastructure, and with affordable housing and access to good schools and recreation options, you can select the ideal community location for your next career move with your family. Our closest communities are Grafton set on the Clarence River or if you are looking for that beach lifestyle consider Yamba, Woolgoolga, or Coffs Harbour with additional smaller beach communities along the way that all offer something unique.

Join Us
If you are inspired to make a positive difference and would like to be considered for this opportunity, please apply now .

Serco values of Trust, Care, Innovation and Pride underpin everything we do. We are curious, creative and collaborative. Our people help in ways that matter.
By joining Serco you will have access to our Global Employee Networks – SercoInspire (Gender), SercoEmbrace (Multicultural), SercoUnlimited (Disability) and In@Serco (Networks) Serco Employee Networks, led by colleagues who are passionate about diversity, inclusion and belonging.
NOTE: Google Chrome is the preferred browser to access Serco careers website"
9,9,"Role Highlights

Perm - Up to 80K package incl. super
Huge opportunity for career progression
Hybrid working arrangements (Sydney CBD office/WFH)
The Role:

As Data Analyst you will be responsible for ensuring data is accurate and of high quality, for effective benefits management of all clients.

Skills & Experience

About You:

2 yrs+ commercial experience in a Data Analyst role
Advanced SQL skills
Hands on ETL experience (Extract, Transform, Load)
Intermediate Data Visualisation & Reporting skills (PowerBI/Tableau)
Advanced Excel skills
Strong written & verbal communication skills
Sound like the next exciting step in your career? Apply now!

#LI-LE1"
10,10,"Budget & Financial Reporting Group / Budget Policy & Coordination Division / Budget Estimates and Advice Branch
APS 6 ($88,157 - $107,593) | Ongoing & Non-ongoing | Full-time & Part-time
Canberra, ACT
ABOUT THE BRANCH

The Budget Estimates and Advice Branch is responsible for the overall management of the Budget process, including advising the Government on the timetable for the Budget and other economic updates. The Branch supports government decision-making on expenditure, including through analysis and advice on program estimates to the Expenditure Review Committee (ERC) of Cabinet, develops Finance’s input into Budget Paper 2, and provides analysis on the Final Budget Outcome (FBO) report. The Branch undertakes and facilitates research, analysis and modelling to build the evidence base on Budget priorities and long-term fiscal pressures. The Branch is also the key liaison point for working with the Parliamentary Budget Office (PBO).

ABOUT THE ROLE

The Senior Data Analyst of the Budget Analytics and Visualisation team will deliver analysis projects to improve the efficiency and quality of Government spending. The successful candidate will need to establish credibility and trusted expertise, be a collaborative team member and have proven stakeholder engagement and project management skills.

The role involves conducting complex, cross-portfolio policy analysis and providing data-based insights that use best-practice analytical methodologies. Integrated Commonwealth microdata assets and other contextual data sets are used by the team to explore policy influences and impacts. This supports Finance’s Agency Advice Units in providing advice to Government by adding analytical rigour to the analysis of new and existing policies and programs.

The team interprets findings and presents insights through written and visual products for a diverse audience (including Ministers and the ERC). The Senior Data Analyst will work with the team and Agency Advice Units to identify and produce new insights on key policies and programs. The role also requires supporting the team to implement data governance, quality assurance and analytics capability building across BFR.

WHAT DOES FINANCE OFFER YOU?

You will influence the development of public policy and the future of Australia’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The opportunity to use your strong analytical and communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, resilience and leadership capabilities,
Expand your career pathways and networks.
We offer competitive salaries, access to flex and paid overtime.
We provide access to an extensive learning and development calendar and options for paid study and studies assistance.

DETAILED VACANCY INFORMATION

For detailed information about this role, including the job specific capabilities, please refer to the downloadable job pack, which can be accessed by clicking the hyperlink at the bottom of this page.

ELIGIBILITY ADVICE & CANDIDATE NOTES


Under section 22(8) of the Public Service Act 1999, employees must be Australian citizens to be employed in the Australian Public Service (APS) unless the Agency Head has agreed otherwise, in writing.
Successful applicants will be required to undergo the process to obtain and maintain, or continue to hold the required security clearance level for the role as indicated in the downloadable job pack. All Finance staff are required to have a minimum baseline security clearance prior to commencement.
This role is being advertised as both ongoing and non-ongoing. Roles may be offered as either ongoing or non-ongoing subject to business needs and/or candidate preference. Where a non-ongoing position is offered, the role will be filled as a specified term vacancy for an initial period of up to 18 months. Specified term vacancies may be offer for a maximum of 18 months initially, and be extended up to a maximum period of three years.

CONTACT INFORMATION


For questions relating to the online lodgement of your application, please email the Recruitment team via recruitment@finance.gov.au or call (02) 6215 1717 between 8:30am - 5:00pm AEST Monday to Friday.
For specific questions relating to this job vacancy, please refer to the details on the contact officer located in the downloadable job pack."
11,11,"You will be the Data Analyst champion for the Rigs and Well Services business unit within Ventia. Reporting to the Senior Commercial Manager, the Data Analyst will drive the Business' improvement with data management, analysis, visualisation and reporting systems and processes. This will involve the management of current performance automated dashboards.
The Data Analyst will partner with areas of the business to increase efficiencies and foster a proactive culture. They will act as the primary educator and champion of data-driven behaviours to the operational and support areas of the business.



Key accountabilities include, but aren't limited to:
Maintaining existing Power BI Dashboards/Reports across the Business.
Developing front-end dashboard presentation depending on business needs.
Repairing back-end dashboard query breaks.
Analysing Operations and Contractual data to identify trends and demonstrate performance relative to KPI targets
Driving excellent Risk and SHEQ performance within the Project/Business Unit


About You
Our ideal candidate will be able to work independently and use initiative. The ability to collaborate and communicate are essential as you will be the data leader in the Business unit and will interact with multiple stakeholders. Additionally, the following are requirements:
Competency in Data Analytics - manipulation and interpretation
Competency in computer coding
Intermediate - Advanced Microsoft Excel skills
Intermediate - Advanced knowledge of O365 Platform
Intermediate - Advanced knowledge of Power BI (Power Apps & Power Automate advantageous).
High level of attention to detail and accuracy
Ideally experience within the Oil & Gas / Rig industry is preferable


Job Segment: Database, Data Analyst, Data Management, Front End, Technology, Data"
12,12,"Company Description

Connecting people and communities| Driving eCommerce | Moving Australia & New Zealand
With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.
From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner by road or rail, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.
Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.


Job Description

An exciting opportunity is available for an experienced Reporting Analyst to join our Business Intelligence – Service Quality team on a permanent basis.
As the Reporting Analyst, you will be responsible for managing periodic service reporting, KPI’s and analytics, providing operational insights. You will manage systems and processes, focused on holistic services and customer experience. Engage cross functionally and externally to aid the delivery of premium service delivery. Additionally, the Reporting Analyst will support the Continuous Improvement and Customer Management teams, providing teams with required analysis.
Primary Duties & Responsibilities
Extract, interrogate, and cleanse data from primary and secondary sources using automated tools.
Perform analysis, reports to assess the quality and meaning of data to generate actionable insights.
Develop visualisation tools using PowerBi and other tools for identification of improvement opportunities.
Draw logical and valid connections from data analytics to identify and qualify improvement opportunities.
Preparing reports for the management stating trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data.
Using statistical tools to identify, analyse, and interpret patterns and trends in complex data sets that could be helpful for the diagnosis and prediction.
Assigning numerical value to essential business functions so that business performance can be assessed and compared over periods of time.
Working with programmers, engineers, and management heads to identify process improvement opportunities, propose system modifications, and devise data governance data governance strategies.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.


Qualifications

About you
An open mindset to continuously develop and strive for a career at Global Express along with a can-do attitude will set you apart.
The role requires someone driven, passionate, organised, and tenacious. The Business Analyst will have strong communication and negotiation skills with a desire to continuously learn and grow their skillsets and a team player.
Proven and consistent problem-solving ability
Highly developed interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and enthusiastic approach to work
Able to work autonomously or as a leader/member of a team
A forward-planning/strategic work outlook
Able to improvise, adapt and overcome objections/resistance and achieving goals
Integrity, accountability, respect, honesty, initiative and openness
Customer service focus
Results-driven
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Desire to promote innovation and continuous improvement
Proficiency in using databases (SQL), reporting packages, PowerBi, PowerQuery, PowerPivot, PowerAutomate, MS Office
Demonstrated capability in working with large volumes of data from different sources
Ability to summarise and develop presentations based on data analysis
Excellent written and oral communication skills

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.
It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.
To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
13,13,"Organisation/Entity: Transport For NSW
Job Category: Information & Communication Technology
Job Location: Sydney, NSW, AU, 2020
Job Ref No: 66150
Employment Type: Fixed Term Full-Time
Salary Range: $120423.0-$134872.0
About us


Transport for NSW keeps our State moving by providing safe, integrated and efficient transport systems. We put our customers at the centre of everything we do – and we do a lot. We connect people, communities and industry and manage how they use our road, rail and maritime networks and services, and even active modes like walking and cycling. The work we do connects the journeys you take every day.


We are a state government organisation made up of more than 28,000 people and we're in the middle of delivering the largest transport infrastructure program in Australia's history. We work across planning, policy and procurement, harnessing data and technology to develop smarter and more adaptive transport solutions.


That means job opportunities in metropolitan and regional areas right across NSW – you have the chance to be part of creating a lasting legacy that will benefit generations to come.


About the Division


The Customer Strategy and Technology team within Transport leads the development of long-term, multi-modal strategies, plans and policies across NSW. We leverage data and insights, implement new technologies, drive innovation and build partnerships to provide customer-centred solutions.


The Opportunity


Right now, we have an exciting temporary (until 30 Jun 2023) opportunity for 2 x Technical Business Analyst to join our Intelligent Systems team with flexible working arrangements available.


You will provide analysis, technical expertise and advice to support the transition of business services to new or updated technology solutions. The role ensures that high-level analysis and advice is provided for correct solution design and implementation.


On a day-to-day basis you will be responsible for, but not limited to:


Lead the analysis of business requirements and identify opportunities, risks or issues.
Conduct investigative work to identify appropriate and practical solutions, meeting the needs of the business and aligning to industry standards, and ensuring that the team can deliver outcomes identified in the business plan.
Ensure technical specifications communicate user requirements in technical terms for submission to development teams.
Interpret and translate analysis results into quality technical specifications that are insightful, clear and succinct.
Develop a deep understanding of system functionality and design and conduct research and analyse options relating to business cases and deliverables to guide optimal decision-making.
Monitor, track and report on the status of key deliverables to ensure outcomes and goals are met.


For more information please click here to view a copy of the role description.


Direct Reports


The role has no direct reports.


About You


To be successful in these roles you will need:


Working knowledge of business analysis processes to identify opportunities and risk management.
Demonstrated ability to present and explain complex technical information to a non-technical audience.
Demonstrated experience in gathering and understanding technical requirements from an IT/Business domain.
Experience in developing functional and non-functional requirements for business solutions.
Excellent stakeholder engagement and management skills.
Ability to influence and quickly build relationships.


Salary and Benefits


The salary for this position is Transport Grade 8 ($120,423 - $134,872) plus 10% superannuation and annual leave loading.


For more information on employee benefits please click here to view a copy employee benefits pack.


How to apply


To apply for this position, please answer all questions within the online application process and submit a resume.


Applications Close: 11:59PM Sunday 22nd May 2022.


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Jagadeesh Sethuraman at JAGADEESH.SETHURAMAN@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.


Apply today to register your interest!

Find out more about Transport for NSW at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/about-us.

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process here at Transport.


Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:
appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Business Analyst, Temporary, Risk Management, Procurement, Finance, Contract, Technology, Operations"
14,14,"Business Analyst
Job no: 497044
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Classification: Band 7 ($96,178 - $106,680 pa)
Categories: Management, Human Resources, Business Strategy & Improvement, Project Management

Create our future together at the City of Greater Geelong
At the City of Greater Geelong, we are committed to working together for a thriving community. We do this by delivering over 130 services to our rapidly growing region and working hard to protect and improve what it is that makes Greater Geelong on Wadawurrung country such a great place to live, work and study.
We’re going through an exciting period of change that will help us serve our community better. From digital modernisation to the contemporary, sustainable office we’re building in Central Geelong, now more than ever is a great time to join our team at the City of Greater Geelong.
Our Community is made of diverse people from all walks of life, and it’s important to us that our workforce represents and celebrates this strength.
We encourage great people from all backgrounds to join us. We encourage authenticity, because inclusion makes us stronger.
If you’re excited about working together to create a Clever and Creative Greater Geelong, and joining a workplace where all people can thrive, then hit apply – we’d love to meet you!
We particularly welcome Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People and people from culturally diverse backgrounds.
About the role
As an integral member of the Strategy, Commercials and Partnerships team, you will be responsible for maturing and embedding our integrated strategic planning process and developing our strategic partnership model and approach. This newly created role will play a key role as a trusted advisor to senior stakeholders within the organisation, and to external stakeholders, partnering with them to undertake enterprise-wide strategy and partnerships initiatives and activities to support the successful execution and delivery of the City's strategic plans and programs.
You have the opportunity to create something new and exciting that does not currently exist in a Local Government setting.
Key responsibilities include:
Provide specialised analysis to support key strategy development and execution using various related tools and capabilities
Develop an org-wide partnership model and engagement plans using a variety of principles, such as human-centred design.
Conduct primary and secondary research and select relevant information to enable an analysis of key themes and trends that impact our industry and strategic direction
Develop models to determine the impact of potential disruptors to inform our strategy and allow the City to develop mitigation strategies
Prepare, organise and coordinate the completion of various projects by providing data and analytics reports.
Coordinate the activities and efforts of subject matter experts and technical team members in undertaking business analyst activities.
About you
To be successful in this role, you will be proficient in stakeholder management, highly experienced in data analysis, project management activities or leading major programs of work. You will have a professional approach to your work, be strategic in your thinking, with the ability to deal with changing priorities and experience working with a large, complex and multidisciplinary organisation.
Extensive experience conducting business analysis activities in support of strategic organisation transformation programs
Highly developed conceptual, analytical, and problem-solving skills in complex environments working with challenging internal and external stakeholders
Experience in strategic solution implementation and business process redesign pertaining to complex strategic projects
Ability to clearly, concisely and convincingly communicate information and advice in both a written and verbal form to different audiences.
Ability to negotiate and influence in an environment that is often complex and ambiguous to achieve objectives.
Relevant tertiary qualifications in Commerce or Business and experience in a Business Analyst role.
If this sounds like the role for you, then click apply now!
A career with us
With flexible working options, our people have choice in how and where they work. Our employees connect with us from across the Greater Geelong region and beyond. We’re also committed to supporting better accessibility for our customers and our people.
We encourage you to talk to us about any adjustments or additional support you may require during the recruitment process, as well as how this role can be flexible for you.
All employees who may attend a worksite or any face-to-face work-related activity will be required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 as a condition of employment.
We offer
flexible work arrangements (monthly RDO)
paid parental leave (16 weeks)
a healthy and safe environment
our employee wellbeing program
corporate membership rates at Swim Sport and Leisure facilities
career development opportunities.
Applications and Enquiries


Enquires: Bithia Hartley – Manager Strategy, Commercials & Partnerships | Bithia.Hartley@geelongcity.vic.gov.au
If we can assist you with any reasonable adjustments in order to submit your application for this role, please contact the Talent Acquisition team via email at careers@geelongcity.vic.gov.au noting your preferred method of communication and contact details and a member of the team will be in touch.


We collect demographic data to help us learn who our advertisements are reaching and how we can reach an even more diverse audience. We are committed to building a more diverse team. Your responses to our demographic questions are strictly confidential and will not be individually shared.


Advertised: 13 May 2022 6:00 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 26 May 2022 11:55 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time"
15,15,"Greenfield role with multiple career progression opportunities
circa 100,000 package
Parramatta location | FMCG industry | Hybrid work from home/office model

Your new employer....

A large and diverse business based near Parramatta that features prominently in the Australian market. This progressive company has a reputation for being customer centric and developing its people to support their ongoing growth and direction. This business is at the forefront of a fast paced and highly competitive industry.

Your new role....

Due to continued growth, an opportunity has become available for a commercially astute and technically skilled Data and Insights analyst to take on a greenfield role and truly make the role their own.

Some of the key tasks aligned to this role will include:

Manipulate and maintain the integrity of large data sets in relation to products and pricing
Work with our key stakeholders (both internal & external) to understand their business requirements and tailor appropriate analytical solutions – i.e. strategic decision support
Support the development of a suite of self-service business intelligence tools that can be utilised by key stakeholders to enable data-driven decision making
Work with senior executive leaders to develop & execute on strategic initiatives which will continue to drive business growth
Support senior management in the annual budgeting and forecasting process
Identify pain-points & opportunities to improve existing processes – especially regarding data collection & sanitisation

About You!

Bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics, Statistics, Computer Science or Commerce with a minimum of 2-3 years of relevant experience within a medium to large business, operating in a similar style role
A proactive self-driven individual with strong organisational skills
Proficient with Microsoft Excel (including macro’s, PowerPivots, SQL), and Business Intelligence or Reporting tools (Tableau and/or Power BI is preferred
Has a ‘hands on’ work ethos and is comfortable working in the detail
Is a career minded individual who can effectively influence non finance stakeholders
Be Comfortable in managing large sets of data from multiple systems.

To apply use the Apply Now button or for further information and a confidential discussion please contact Bernad on 02 9689 8905."
16,16,"We have multiple Mid-level and Senior Business Analyst opportunities in our Reporting, Risk, Analytics & Platforms team within Macquarie’s Financial Management Group. Use your business knowledge and analytical experience to assist an established project team with the delivery of a significant & high-profile regulatory transformation project.
About the role
As a Business Analyst, you’ll support in delivering to our critical regulatory milestones in reporting and data. You’ll support in lifting remediation issues as a team player with an inquisitive, analytical mindset to delve deeper into the root causes. We have scope to hire at a mid or senior level.
As an instrumental part of our Group Treasury team, you will work closely with subject matter experts to understand and document, business and data requirements for products and calculations. You will act as a liaison between business users and the technology delivery teams and be able to articulate and assist with the understanding and interpretation of requirements. In addition, you may also participate in testing.
To be successful, you will have the following skills.
Ability to understand business processes and scenarios, their impacts, and effects on data
Ability to work closely with business and technical stakeholders at all levels as a team player
Business analysis experience; specifically in the financial or regulatory reporting space
Strong product knowledge; derivative and commodity knowledge preferable but not essential
Strong problem solving and analytical skills, with good attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to coordinate multiple assignments and work independently to meet project milestones and deadlines
’Can do’ proactive attitude, with a proven record of delivering project outcomes
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-964609
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Group Treasury
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 02/5/2022"
17,17,"About Alstom
We create smart innovations to meet the mobility challenges of today and tomorrow. We design and manufacture a complete range of transportation systems, from high-speed trains to electric buses and driverless trains, as well as infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. Joining us means joining a truly global community of more than 75 000 people dedicated to solving real-world mobility challenges and achieving international projects with sustainable local impact.


If you’re ambitious, driven and team-spirited, this is your opportunity to build a career as Data Analyst in West Melbourne,VIC .


Primary Responsibilities:
The Data Analyst will use their passion for data and highly developed analytical and problem-solving skills to assist Classic Fleet Engineering in providing technical and analytical support to the West Melbourne Alstom Maintenance team and V/Line. This position requires a person who is inquisitive and seeking a dynamic and varied role within a maintenance engineering team.
The successful candidate will be analysing a variety of data and making recommendations for improvements across various vehicle systems on the V/Line Classic Fleet. This is a challenging work environment, where the complex raw data that does not always follow black and white rules.
Maintain the the FRACAS database, and collating data to identify trends and root causes for daily and monthly fleet performance reviews.


Key Requirements:
Tertiary qualification in Engineering, Commerce or related analytical field
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
Highly developed communication skills, with the ability to target your audience
Proficient in Microsoft Power BI and Microsoft Excel
Experience in using data visualisation tools to create reports
Knowledge of MAXIMO, SAP or other CMMS
An understanding of preventative maintenance regimes is highly desirable.


An agile, inclusive and responsible culture is the foundation of our company where diverse people are offered excellent opportunities to grow, learn and advance in their careers. We are committed to encouraging our employees to reach their full potential, while valuing and respecting them as individuals.



Job Segment: Database, ERP, SAP, Technology"
18,18,"We are MYOB
MYOB is the #originalstartup. Our roots are in finance and accounting software, but today we’re so much more! We’re building a business management platform to help more businesses in Australia & New Zealand Start, Survive & Succeed. Our team is continually transforming, inventing and disrupting conventions. We don’t want you to simply ‘fit’ into our already established culture, we want you to add to it, and make it even better! This is MYOB.

We are a tech company that exists to help other businesses succeed. Our team is continually growing, inventing and disrupting conventions. To make all this happen, we are dedicated in creating an exceptional flexible employee experience for all team members and offer a culture where you can be yourself. We don’t want you to simply ‘fit’ into our already established culture, we want you to come and add to it, and make it even better.



You’ll be part of an Enterprise Solutions team responsible for making, selling and supporting our locally developed bigger business software. The goal is simple: do all we can to take growing companies to the next level. We’re leading our category and changing the way people do business.



As the Consulting Services Systems Analyst you will be responsible for identifying areas for improvement in our processes and systems to ensure our Consulting Services team operates at a high level of efficiency. You will provide expert data analysis based on a combination of industry knowledge and business experience.



As an integral member of the Consulting Services team, you will interact with other teams to ensure outcomes for data accuracy.
The role will evolve with changing business needs, however the initial focus will include:
Analysis of existing systems, operational procedures, and work practices to identify inefficiencies and recommend better practices.
Development of operational reports.
Assessment and planning for future needs and system requirements.
Understanding the operational needs and business goals of the company.
Adhering to company policies and legal requirements in relation to data collection.
Presenting data and recommendations to senior management teams.



What you will bring
You are a driven, self-motivated, resourceful, naturally curious individual who uses a creative mind-set to solve problems and help the team achieve excellence consistently. You have a superior understanding of designing and conceptualising data models. You enjoy gaining and sharing information with the team and are comfortable with change, able to adapt as needed.

Designing target state conceptual, logical, and physical data models.
Delivering reporting requirements.
Data and information governance processes.
Sound Excel skills gained in a working environment.
Experience in extracting, preparing, modelling, and transforming data.
Experience in process mapping of complex processes and data flows.
Experience in driving system and process change in services operations.
Experience in Adobe Workfront (desirable)

Our Culture & Benefits
Our values have stood the test of time. If you want to work and collaborate where opinions are valued, and your ideas can make a difference, come to a place where Your Work Matters.
Do your best work in a flexible work environment, right down to financial assistance to set up your home office…it’s called Flexperience, and it’s designed by you and your team!
Our partnership with Smiling Mindhelps support the wellbeing of our team members and customers
Drive your own learning via conferences, in-house training, LinkedIn Learning, study assistance and a strong focus on leaders creating a learning environment
A multitude of leave options including up to an additional four weeks of purchased leave, generous parental leave, domestic violence leave, transgender leave, volunteer leave, study leave, plus more!
Communities built around ‘Wellness’, ‘Belonging’ and the ‘Planet’ where you can make a meaningful contribution
Access to best-in-class discounts and vouchers from leading retailers, and a lot more.
MYOB are an equal opportunity employer and champion diversity. We are proud to be a Circle Back Initiative Employer and we commit to respond to every applicant. We’d love to hear from you on regarding this role, or if it’s not the right time, join our talent community so that we can reach out regarding future roles."
19,19,"Aufgaben
IT Business Analyst

Accelerate your career with Mercedes-Benz Financial Services
Challenge yourself with a dynamic environment, ability to work flexibly
Join an exciting, high performing automotive financial services business

At Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Australia, we offer financial solutions and convenience that dealers and customers need—all at a great place to work. We strive to be the company of choice for all our customers’, from financing and insurance, through to a whole host of vehicle-related services.

As part of the global Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG organisation, we’re proud to be a driving force in the automotive sector. We’re firmly focused on the key global trends of our time: electrification, sustainability, digitalisation and artificial intelligence. We have a clear ambition:

Best-in-class mobility services — customer-centric, seamless and flexible.

We can’t achieve this ambition without dedicated, passionate employees. That’s why we’re on the hunt for a dynamic IT Business Analyst to join our small, collaborative team in our head office in Mulgrave.

What’s in it for you?

As an IT Business Analyst with Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Australia we will help set you up for success with ambitions for continuous improvement and development in both your direct work and as an IT professional. The IT Business Analyst will encompass the required skills in order to capture and maintain all requirements, discuss business and technical requirements with vendors, manage key stages of code delivery, manage testing cycles including defect management, keep up to date a schedule and report progress. This role will allow you to work flexibly within the office and remotely. If this sounds like the role you’ve been looking for, we’d love to have you on board—we can make a difference together!
If you’re someone who loves to be innovative, enjoys detail, and has a passion for developing projects then this might be your kind of role!
The NextGen programme is established to look into new generation technology to support growth and digitalization requirements of the organization. To enable process improvement, automation and digitization, NextGen aims to upgrade the Contract Management System (CMS), Wholesale Finance System (WFS), Credit Approval Process (CAP) and all surrounding systems in Australia and New Zealand. This role is open to be performed remotely, anywhere within Australia!
What you’ll do:

The end to end delivery of the system requirements into the live environment.
Gathering, analysing, prioritising and documenting requirements.
Supporting development and project activities.
Planning and executing workshops with the business and vendors.
Ability to manage a virtual team including business SMEs in BAU roles that are enhancement stakeholders.
Accountable for the management of multiple external vendors of the release of enhancements.
Responsible for tracking and managing multi-vendor delivery against contractual documents.
Qualifikationen
The skills we’re looking for:
Tertiary qualifications in IT with CBAP certification

A technical aptitude to learn systems, applications and processes with at least 3-5 years’ experience working as an IT professional
Good problem solving / troubleshooting skills with a methodical systematic style of analysis.
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written
Ability to understand and work with the customers as well as manage alternate stakeholders.
Good understanding of technologies associated to web, database and application servers
Prefer a basic understanding of scripting languages (vbscript, batch files, Powershell)
Prefer a good understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and able to write database queries from multiple data sources but not necessary.
Basic understanding of ITIL is highly regarded but not necessary.

If you believe you’re the right person for a full-time 12 month contract role as a Business Analyst, please apply by Tuesday 24th of May.

A perfect candidate will be organized and proactive with strong problem solving and critical thinking skills. They will also possess excellent communication skills and a can-do attitude. We are also looking for someone who is willing to be inquisitive and challenge the status quo to achieve positive outcomes.

About us as an employer
At Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, we believe our people make the difference. We proudly offer generous employee benefits, such as discounted car leasing and purchase options, on-site parking, gym, cafeteria and much more. We support our organisation with the opportunity to work flexibly with being in the office and working remotely from home.

We are proud to be recognised as a Workplace Gender Equality Employer of Choice and support a flexible and progressive work culture. Our passion for our people extends to Employee Recognition and Reward programs, as well as learning and development opportunities.

At Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Australia, we aim to facilitate improved business outcomes and achievement of business goals by embracing diversity and inclusion to ensure we are eliminating discrimination on the basis of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, and gender identity."
20,20,"Our Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Job Title
Network Operations Analyst II
Globally partnering with our Customers to deliver world class technical support for MasterCard infrastructures and applications, enabling growth, diversification and new business generation.
Provide 24x7x365 technical operations support for MasterCard’s global infrastructure; with focus on minimizing impact to Customers and internal users.
Monitor the infrastructure, and be a key stakeholder in MasterCard Incident and Change Management processes.
Regularly perform data analysis to determine MasterCard’s performance and identify areas of improvement.
Have you worked in a control center environment?
Do you like to triage and drive events to resolution?
Do you like to interact with Customers, vendors, and support teams on a global scale?






Execute Incident, Change, and Problem Management processes.
Perform effective vendor management techniques to ensure forward-progress managed Incidents.
Monitor the performance of traffic, systems, and central site processing, addressing anomalies detected.
Conduct quarterly Release and patch rollout for European authorization system
Route central site and customer traffic as necessary to minimize downtime and impact to the brand and business.





Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience.
Intermediate-level knowledge of routing, switching, tunneling, and Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS).
Expert -level ability to perform post-event analysis.
Demonstrates the ability to function in 4 of the following disciplines: UNIX, Mainframe, Production Control, File Transfer, Single-Message, Dual-Message, or Network), and has intermediate-level understanding in at least 3 areas.
Intermediate UNIX scripting and tool monitoring, JCL, MVS, batch scheduling, knowledge of tandem technology.
Effective problem and troubleshooting skills.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Effective organization skills.
Effective interpersonal skills.
COVID-19 Considerations
We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together. In many locations, which may change over time, we’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by video or phone. In addition, in some locations, only individuals who have been fully vaccinated will be permitted inside Mastercard offices until further notice.
In the US, Mastercard is a government contractor, which may legally require most Mastercard employees to be vaccinated unless a verified approved medical or religious exemption is granted. Further, we are currently making every effort towards having employees return to work in the office 2 days per week, if that makes sense for their team. Everyone must be vaccinated to enter Mastercard offices at this time. Therefore, we expect all candidates to be vaccinated or to be approved for a medical or religious accommodation prior to commencing work at Mastercard.
Corporate Security Responsibility
All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:
Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines."
21,21,"Who are we?

Servian, is an award winning, regional and global tech consultancy with a rich heritage in Data, DevOps, Digital app dev, Machine Learning and cloud. We embrace innovation, change, and the positive impact it has for us and our clients. All roles at Servian involve personal and technical development pathways which aim to facilitate your career growth. We aim to build an employee experience where you will grow more with us, not be drowned out by the loudest voice, and hence we strive to set you up for a career which will have a greater impact.

We are currently looking for talented Data Analysts to join our Sydney team to support our Clients in making strategic, data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, and reporting data. Our data analysts & consultants are natural problem solvers - they are curious, ambitious, and experts in their fields. You will have the opportunity to collaborate and learn from our whole team.



You will be working on exciting and interesting projects, working with our clients to understand their needs and to help shape the engagements that allow Servian to provide services that will meet those needs.

If you have a passion for learning new technologies, want to be tech agnostic, and work with like minded technologists, Servian is the place to grow your career and have fun in the process!
You will be involved in:
Advising on data analysis and visualisation approaches and strategies.
Implementing solutions for the establishment of data analysis capabilities including data access, data wrangling and transformation and data analysis and visualisation.
Delivering a data analysis over a diverse range of data sources and formats, including structured, multi-structured and unstructured.
Guiding the interpretation and communication of results of data analysis, making recommendations to stakeholders of varying levels of data literacy.
Collaborating with system owners, data providers, analysts, managers and various other stakeholders to data projects.
Managing your time, the team, the stakeholders and the engagement, to deliver the data management capability.
Supporting pre-sales activity to promote Servian, our capabilities and value to current and prospective clients.
You will have:
Strong analytical thinker and problem solver with thought leadership and commercial awareness.
Strong knowledge of SQL, P/SQL, databases, integration, master data management, quality assurance, data wrangling and data governance technologies.
Sound understanding of data structures, data modeling and data optimisation techniques.
Ability to analyse large, complex datasets from diverse sources, structures and formats.
Ability to articulate highly technical concepts and insights, in a way that can be understood by stakeholders of varying degrees of technical literacy.
Collaboration skills and understanding of business challenges & drivers.
Knowledge of Cloud environments are desirable, including Google, AWS and Azure.
Awareness of AI and ML technologies and principles are desirable.
Why Servian?
At Servian we believe talented technologists matter, this means we want to help grow your career and develop your passion in the ever changing tech industry.
Variety of interesting projects, using emerging technologies.
Collaborative environment for talented technologists.
Continuous learning and development across multiple dimensions including technology, leadership and commerciality.
Wellbeing & Benefits:
Access to a wide range of internal training sessions, across both technical and consulting skills.
Sponsored certifications across all our partner technology vendors.
We provide employees with Life Insurance, Income Protection Insurance and access to an Employee Assistance Program.
Generous Parental leave.
We are proud to have a sociable workplace that values diversity and celebrates achievement with multiple company-wide, social, and family events throughout the year. Due to Covid-19, all social events are currently virtual.
Inclusion & Diversity:
Servian recognises individual differences and welcomes people from a variety of life and work experiences. The diversity of our people is core to our ability to innovate, grow and to fulfil our collective aspiration of helping people to own their tomorrow.
A natural curiosity, a respect for differences and a growth mindset are valued at Servian.
Our business is focused developing our people and offerings across the following:
Cloud & Technology - Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform), DevOps and Automation inc HashiCorp.
Data & Analytics - BI/DWH, Big Data Analytics, Data Engineering, Data Science and Advanced Analytics.
Digital - Full stack Development, UI/UX Design, Mobile Development.
Customer Engagement - Marketing Campaigns, Campaign Analysis, Customer Insights.
Artificial Intelligence - Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning.
Cyber Security - DevSecOps, Penetration Testing, Multi-Cloud Security, Security Posture Analysis.
If this role sounds of interest, or you would like to hear about other exciting opportunities, please get in touch with the Servian Talent Acquisition Team.

Date posted 27/03/2022
Salary will be in line with your experience however for a junior-mid level consultant, the range will be from $70k - $100k"
22,22,"This is your opportunity to join an established Company & play a key role in supporting the Company to make informed financial and business decisions

Permanent & Full Time Job Opportunity
Excellent Benefits - Salary Packaging, Annual Leave Loading of 17.5%, Annual Bonus Incentive Scheme
Excellent Office Amenities with Hybrid Working Model
The Company
Our client is looking for a Data Analyst to join their Finance team on a permanent, full time basis. This is an opportunity to join an Organisation where you would enjoy going to work everyday as part of a tenured, collaborative team where you are part of an inspiring industry.
The Role
This is a role where you will be responsible for the following:
Boosting the organisation's financial performance through the analysis of business results, forecasts, variances, and trends.
Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, and metadata.
Supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
Creating and maintaining various spreadsheets and Power BI dashboards to support analysis and provide insight.
Assisting in the process of capital budgeting and expenditure planning.
Liaising closely with the Business Intelligence Team and various project managers to discuss performance.
Conducting and comparing analysis and market research to support internal business analysis.
Implementing technical tools such as Excel formulas and functions to handle business issues.
Guiding and handling cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures.
Creating and maintaining models to value potential investment opportunities.
Monitoring and reviewing budgets and expenses, and coming up with ways to reduce or reimburse expenses.
Your Skills & Experience
Bachelors Degree in Commerce, Economics, Business, Finance or related field.
CA/CPA qualification (highly desirable).
Experience in profiling, exploratory analysis and statistical analysis of large, complex datasets with a focus on data quality to identify issues and root causes.
Problem solving experience through statistical analysis or with large data sets such as in derivatives, structured finance or business analytics (SQL advantageous).
Strong Microsoft Excel and computer skills.
High level of proficiency in Excel.
Impressive experience in business intelligence reporting/visualization tool including Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik
Able to build and deliver effective presentations to audiences with wide-ranging backgrounds.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.
About You
You have a strong combination of technical skills and the business insights to provide creative yet effective solutions to complex challenges. You are able to adapt quickly and effectively to changes in strategic priorities. Your exceptional communication skills allow you to condense complex ideas into concepts readily understood by colleagues without a financial background. A numbers person at heart, you have tremendous enthusiasm for data analysis, econometric modelling and statistical analysis, and you combine this with a creative flair and commercial know-how that allows you to see challenges from a fresh perspective and deliver innovative, workable solutions.
What's on offer?
An exciting opportunity to extend your ability and your skill set across a diverse and challenging role.
The chance to partner with senior executives on strategic deep dives and develop financial models and insights to inspire strategic resource allocation and business growth.
The encouragement and support of an energetic and highly professional team.
A fast-paced workplace where no two days are ever the same.
A work environment where your contribution will be valued and rewarded.
An employer committed to work-life balance.
Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law."
23,23,"Vic, Clayton
Human Resources
11088BR
About us:
Lockheed Martin is a dynamic, growing, and energetic organisation offering stimulating, challenging work at the forefront of technology. Lockheed Martin is a leader in Australia’s National Security, and our collaboration with Australian industry spans the Aeronautics, Maritime, Surveillance and Defence domains. We employ approximately 100,000 staff worldwide, and over 1,000 staff in Australia across multiple locations.

Your responsibilities will include:
As a Compensation Analyst you will support the Compensation Lead and Head of Rewards for Asia Pacific in the delivery of compensation programs and initiatives. This role will be offered as a 12-month fixed term opportunity, day-to-day duties will include:
Supporting the delivery of annual compensation activities including Pay Reviews, Short Term Incentives, Early Careers and survey and WGEA submissions.
Contributing to ad hoc APAC Reward activities with data, analysis and insights including support to union negotiations.
Managing the internal ANZ Employee Awards annual event.
Providing compensation guidance to HR and key stakeholders across the business.
Preparing and maintaining internal peer and salary data and ad hoc reporting.
About you:
Tertiary qualifications in HR or a business-related discipline, and/or proven experience in a similar role.
Comprehensive numerical, communication and stakeholder management skills.
MS Excel proficiency, an analytical mindset and logical thinking.
Excellent attention to detail with ability to identify and correct errors and anomalies.

Highly desirable/advantageous:
Experience with job mapping and survey submissions.
Exposure to Asia Pacific.
Special Requirements:
Applicants are required to be Australian Citizens and be eligible to hold and maintain a CoA Baseline security clearance. This will depend on location, will be discussed at interview stage.

Employment may be contingent on the satisfactory result of criminal and/or other background screens, which require the collection and transfer of personal information.
What we offer you:
At Lockheed Martin we value our team and the contribution they make every day. We offer rewarding career pathways working on interesting projects that make a difference, continuous professional development and the opportunity to learn from a diverse team of talented individuals.

In return we offer:

Competitive Remuneration.
Training and development will be a big aspect of this position.
Options for genuine work/life flexibility – 8 or 9 day fortnight.
Access to our wellbeing and benefits program including retail discounts, health and wellbeing initiatives and an Employee Assistance Program
Salary packaging for car leasing.


Equal Opportunity Statement
Lockheed Martin supports Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity in the workplace by creating a place of employment that is, harassment free, diverse, fair, ethical, inclusive, and values the contribution of all its employees. Diversity and inclusion are the foundation of our culture and reflect our values of doing what’s right, respecting others and performing with excellence. By leveraging our employees’ unique talents and experiences, we will deliver innovative, affordable solutions and unparalleled customer value.
Vacancy Country
Australia
Vacancy Type
Fixed Term
Employee Type
Full Time
Job Expires
16/06/2022"
24,24,"Overview
The Resource Management Analyst 1 is responsible for performing resource scheduling to track reporting and other team-related activities.
What you will be doing
Assign Customer Success employees to client engagement projects with a goal of effectively balancing resource utilization needs with planning targets, skills allocation, actual utilization and staffing levels
Develop and manage tactical resource plan for Customer Success Teams; annually, monthly, and quarterly
Incorporate workforce planning and sales support with the overall business plan.
Works with the Customer Success management team to identify the type of technical and business resources needed, assembling teams that are qualified to perform the work and financially aligned with project budget and schedule plans.
Coordinate plans for resource redeployment or retraining with Customer Success professional development specialists
Timely escalate any issues pertaining to customer schedules, best practices, recommendations and alternatives, processes and procedures, to mitigate any risks pertaining to all projects
Update project team member schedules accurately and timely
Monitor Resource Management data integrity and work with Customer Success management team to correct.
Provide status reports indicating progress of project teams; supporting domestic and global services delivery teams.
Contribute to strategic planning and large-scale operational deployment.
Comply with all corporate and departmental privacy and data security policies and practices, including but not limited to, Hyland’s Information Systems Security Policy
What will make you successful
Bachelor’s degree
Strong problem solving skills
Advanced knowledge of Excel, Word, and Scheduling/Calendar tools
Experience with a Customer Support Management or Customer Relationship Management Software
Advanced skills extracting and analyzing data from Customer Relationship Management and Resource Management software
Excellent oral and written communication skills that demonstrate a professional demeanor and the ability to interact with discretion and tact
Highly organized and experienced at successfully multi-tasking
Able to thrive in a fast paced, deadline driven environment
Demonstrated ability to handle sensitive information with discretion and tact
Comfortable with change – know how and when to be effective, successful change agents
Team oriented for collaboration
Anticipates and prepares for future events and outcomes; regularly examines issues and plan with a long term perspective
Must be able to work and collaborate with team members working across time zones
Or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the principal duties of the job
Up to 10% travel time may be required
What you can expect next:
Hyland Recruiters thoroughly review every application and will contact you within 1 to 2 weeks regarding next steps. Be sure to add Hyland to your contacts list and check your spam folder so you never miss a message from us!
Do you have any follow up questions? Email your Recruiter directly at Careers@Hyland.com.
Employee Perks and Programs
Flexible Schedule. Paid Time Off. Volunteer Time Off. Wellbeing Initiatives. Career Development and Training. Sabbatical Program. Reach out to your Hyland Recruiter for more information.

Welcome to #HylandLife
Since 1991, it has been Hyland’s mission to help our employees, customers and partners exceed their potential with our industry-leading content services platform. Our employees exude a contagious energy and are passionate about what they do – whether it’s helping customers succeed, raising up their fellow Hylanders, or engaging in the communities where they live and work.

The #HylandLife hashtag encompasses our employee-centric culture. Our employees live our culture day in and day out by bringing their best self to work. Hyland supports them to do just that through career development resources, wellbeing programs and innovation practices. We thrive on diverse viewpoints and new ideas and believe that a positive, inclusive workplace is imperative to sustainable success.

As we’ve grown to a company of over 4,000 strong, we have the opportunity to make a significant impact on our communities. We strongly support employee initiatives and align our giving campaigns and programs to organizations that are important to them.

We are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. The information collected by this application is solely to determine suitability for employment, verify identity and maintain employment statistics on applicants."
25,25,"The role will see you getting involved in some truly great projects working on systems built on leading edge cloud technologies. We’re looking for a self-motivated individual to join our growing business banking and vehicle finance business.
About this Role:
You will be working on analytical projects and delivering use cases to support our strategic initiatives.
You will work collaboratively across a variety of working groups in an agile work environment.
You will apply statistical methods using SQL, R and python to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
You will assist with driving automation and help deliver new solutions to business problems.
To succeed in this role, you will ideally have:
A degree and/or Masters in a quantitative subject - degree in statistics, mathematics, operations research, engineering (industrial, computer or electrical), or related fields.
Experience working in analytics teams or related functions.
Experience wrangling data using SQL/Alteryx and Python/R, working with cloud platforms incl. AWS and GCP will be viewed favourably.
Experience with Data visualisation tools e.g. Tableau/Power BI.
Familiar with Agile principles and practices.
Strong communication and presentation skills with all levels of stakeholders.
Experience with productionising machine learning model is a plus.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-959906
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics, Technology, Retail Banking
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Chelsea Hollins
Opening Date: 07/9/2021"
26,26,"Work from Home Australia wide | Hybrid work arrangement
Permanent | Full time
Make a meaningful difference to the lives of Australians in need


Life at Mission Australia
When you join our team at Mission Australia, you become part of a community who are determined to end homelessness and ensure people in need can thrive. United by our Christian purpose and values, we stand together with anyone who needs us, for as long as they need us. Find out more about us and our purpose.


Your Opportunity
The Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst is responsible for developing, and delivering data analysis and reporting that is focused on improving business performance, service delivery outcomes and meeting contractual reporting requirements for funders. They will work collaboratively with other BI team members and IT teams to achieve outcomes.
The BI Data Analyst will primarily be responsible for designing/developing relational data structures for BI reports using T-SQL script, use a variety of data sources and employ appropriate analysis techniques and visualisations, in order to provide relevant, timely, actionable reporting for stakeholders. The BI Data Analyst will also participate in a cross-functional team to design, deploy and maintain MA data in Azure Data Lake / Data Factory.
Key responsibilities:
Further develop and implement BI reporting to support service delivery improvement through the effective analysis and reporting of KPIs, business outcomes and client outcomes.
Provide analysis and reporting of client data to funders that meets contractual reporting requirements.
Follow standard QA processes, and develop additional processes where required.
Establish appropriate data definitions and business rules for reporting, which are documented and implemented consistently.
Complete data validation and participate in UAT of BI data to ensure data is ‘fit for purpose’.
Manage stakeholder expectations, resulting in high level stakeholder satisfaction and engagement.


Position Requirements
3-7 years’ experience, ideally with a mixed skill set of Data Engineer/BI Developer/Analyst, with experience of ETL/ELT environment.
Proficiency in writing complex, accurate SQL queries to develop reporting data structures for Power BI (CTE, dynamic PIVOT, FETCH, INDEX).
Strong experience in Azure Data lake and Azure data factory (V2
Deployment experience via DevOps
Experience of working on Azure Analytics
Demonstrated ability to manage quality of data from multiple sources by tracing from reports to source system. (Data QA / UAT)
Knowledge of the report development lifecycle and drafting business requirements for end users.
Experience in using data and analytics capability to help inform decision making and deliver project outcomes.
Covid vaccination mandatory.


Before starting work with us, you will need to undertake a national police history check, qualifications and referee checks.


Our culture
Our innovative and inclusive culture will ensure you feel valued at Mission Australia as you help Australians in need and develop in your career.
We’re committed to the safety and wellbeing of each other and the people we serve.
We recognise and respect diversity. So, whoever you are, if you’re skilled and actively support our purpose and values, you would be welcome at Mission Australia.
Find out more about a career with Mission Australia.
If you need support to submit your application, please email talentattraction@missionaustralia.com.au


Your benefits
Rewarding work – every day you know you’re making a real difference
Not-for-profit salary packaging, reducing your tax (details via AccessPay)
Generous discounts with health insurance and major retailers
Free external, confidential counselling and access to chaplaincy support.


How to apply
To be considered for this opportunity, please click ‘Apply for this job’ and send your cover letter and resume today. As a committed Circle Back Initiative employer, we will respond to your application.
For more information, feel free to view the Position Description via PD Business Intelligence Analyst L3.docx"
27,27,"Responsibilities:
Search for, collect and verify data (of basic and intermediate levels of complexity) for companies under his/her assigned market based on current collection methodologies and acceptable sources
Attend to internal/client queries and requests to ensure data captured is aligned with data methodology and policy guidelines
Comply with established work process standards to ensure quality of data collected
Meet pre-determined turn-around goals for work assignments
Escalate data interpretation issues, as needed
Perform root-cause analysis if data issues are identified
Update internal documents for performance metrics monitoring
Participate in working committees/ projects and/or tasks aside from his/her core responsibilities
Maintain appropriate paper and electronic files as required by ISS and client file retention policies
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Legal Management, Finance, Economics, Accounting, Social Sciences, Communication or any equivalent/related course
Excellent oral and written communication skills in Mandarin, English and intermediate level in Traditional Chinese
Knowledge and experience using MS Office
Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with clear attention to detail
Good judgment in assessing information sources and understanding the downstream effects of data decisions on final product output
Highly motivated, independent, results-oriented, and possesses a strong sense of ownership
Ability to work under tight deadlines
Experience in data collection and business research would be an advantage
Open to Fresh Graduates. This is an entry-level position.
#LI-CL1"
28,28,"July Start
Initial 12-month contract with a 12-month extension available
$900/day plus Super
Open to Australian Citizens

We are looking for experienced and curious data analysts to work in the new Data and Analytics Office (DAO).

Responsibilities:

Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches.
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues.
Organising data into usable formats.
Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools.
Establishing productivity systems and processes – providing input into processes and systems (e.g. DevOps and Git) to manage work and share code.

Essential Criteria:

Strong communication skills to engage with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Analysing data to find answers to business questions.
Organising and cleansing data into usable formats.
Work with ICT and Business Systems teams to define/confirm requirements.
Relevant tertiary qualifications (in business analysis, computer science, science) or comparable industry experience.

Desirable Criteria:

Azure solutions for data analytics.
Azure DevOps for managing work activities.
Power BI experience.
Statistical analysis skills.

Thank you for your application; due to the volume of applications we may not be able to respond to all applicants.
Best of luck with your job search."
29,29,"Innovation, efficiency and openness - 3 principles lying at the heart of our culture at Autumn Compass.

Autumn Compass is a competitive market-maker and proprietary trading company operating in financial markets across Asia-Pacific. We combine modern techniques from software engineering, data science and machine learning in order to develop intelligent algorithms and strategies for trading.
Our work necessitates technical problem-solving skills combined with a good understanding of the underlying technologies and attention to detail, in order for us to gain an edge in our competitive industry. There are many opportunities for learning and growth, as well as opportunities for brilliant analysts to be rewarded for making a big impact. A flat company structure, a relaxed atmosphere and flexible work hours encourages collaboration but also provides freedom for how it best suits you.
As a Quant (Quantitative Analyst)
, your role includes designing new and innovative trading algorithms/strategies for our Quant team and applying your data science/machine learning knowledge to analyse performance and identify potential improvements.
We create a work environment that is conducive not only to professional growth, but also leisure & camaraderie. In addition to flexible hours, lunch and snacks are provided and we also value a healthy work-life balance. Our effectiveness is evidenced in our rapid growth since our inception in 2015, and our tight-knit team.

Join our Quant team today.


Click ‘Apply’ to begin your journey with us, and take this opportunity to raise your career to new heights.




Essential attributes:
A strong mathematical or statistical background
Comfortable with data analysis in Python
Familiarity with Linux
Sharp mind geared toward problem solving
Highly regarded experience:
Any kind of trading (although not required)
Data science
Please include with your application:
Academic transcript (if recent graduate)
Google Scholar page (if Ph.D)"
30,30,"Innovation, efficiency and openness - 3 principles lying at the heart of our culture at Autumn Compass.

Autumn Compass is a competitive market-maker and proprietary trading company operating in financial markets across Asia-Pacific. We combine modern techniques from software engineering, data science and machine learning in order to develop intelligent algorithms and strategies for trading.
Our work necessitates technical problem-solving skills combined with a good understanding of the underlying technologies and attention to detail, in order for us to gain an edge in our competitive industry. There are many opportunities for learning and growth, as well as opportunities for brilliant analysts to be rewarded for making a big impact. A flat company structure, a relaxed atmosphere and flexible work hours encourages collaboration but also provides freedom for how it best suits you.
As a Quant (Quantitative Analyst)
, your role includes designing new and innovative trading algorithms/strategies for our Quant team and applying your data science/machine learning knowledge to analyse performance and identify potential improvements.
We create a work environment that is conducive not only to professional growth, but also leisure & camaraderie. In addition to flexible hours, lunch and snacks are provided and we also value a healthy work-life balance. Our effectiveness is evidenced in our rapid growth since our inception in 2015, and our tight-knit team.

Join our Quant team today.


Click ‘Apply’ to begin your journey with us, and take this opportunity to raise your career to new heights.




Essential attributes:
A strong mathematical or statistical background
Comfortable with data analysis in Python
Familiarity with Linux
Sharp mind geared toward problem solving
Highly regarded experience:
Any kind of trading (although not required)
Data science
Please include with your application:
Academic transcript (if recent graduate)
Google Scholar page (if Ph.D)"
31,31,"Utilise your background in Project support and your excellent attention to detail and join the newly created Finance Platform Solutions team, responsible for delivering high quality, risk managed technology and data solutions for finance transformation initiatives. This is a unique opportunity to commence your career in the growing field of Data Management, working alongside a specialised team of Finance and Data professionals.
As the Project Analyst - Data, you will work in partnership with the Data Steward and will be responsible for:
Project coordination – providing support to the broader projects and business solutions team to ensure project activities are delivered in a timely manner.
Managing requests for access to General Ledger Data - acting as the intermediary between the business teams requiring General Ledger Data and the IT team delivering it. This includes reviewing and validating business requirements, to ensure they are understood and met.
Validating requests for access to General Ledger data – this includes ensuring data is fit for purpose and acting as a gatekeeper, as required.
Support in applying frameworks to risk manage change: Ensure all changes to the General Ledger platform adhere to Design / Build / Test / Train / Deliver framework so risk is appropriately managed, improvements are delivered and quarterly Oracle updates meet quality standards. Deploy framework and policies and ensure they are maintained and followed.
Data governance: Ensure General Ledger data used in the Corporate Data Hub is assessed and approved for data usage under the Enterprise Data Management framework.
Having recently delivered a significant upgrade to Macquarie’s Finance Platform, you will bring with you prior experience in supporting system-based projects and change. Furthermore, you will have demonstrated experience working at the interface of Finance and Technology and will be passionate about continuing to grow your skill-set as a Data Management professional.
What impact will you have?
What skills will you use?
You will bring with you prior experience in a Project support role or experience in Data Management, Audit or Assurance role and a keen desire to progress your career in Data Management. Other key skills and experience may include:
Stakeholder management skills across Business, IT, Risk, Finance, Vendor Management, and Legal stakeholders
Demonstrate key skills of the future including digital intelligence, innovation and human centred design
Ability to coordinate multiple assignments and work independently
Ideally prior experience in working with major finance package technology vendors (e.g., Oracle and SAP)
Consumer driven use of visualisation technologies e.g. PowerBI/Tableau
Strong communication skills and ability to explain complex technology concepts in non-technical terms
If this sounds like you, please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-962943
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Accounting & Finance, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 06/3/2022"
32,32,"Calling all SAS Data Analysts/Developers!

We have a long-term contracting position available with one of our Federal Government Clients. Do you have experience as an SAS Analyst or Developer? Because we have the job for you!

Duties

Data extraction and analysis using Teradata, DB2, SQL and SAS (SAS Enterprise Guide, Base SAS or SAS Studio)
Producing quality output in a timely manner
Building interactive reports and dashboards using SAS Visual Analytics (Viya)
Be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve

Skills and Experience

SAS,
SAS Visual Analytics (Viya) or similar data and visualisation technologies
SQL
Teradata
DB2

How to Apply
Does this role sound perfect for you? If so, to register your interest in this role, please either contact Peter Ding or the Compas Team on (02) 6230 0233 and send through your CV by following the link below.

About Compas:
Compas Pty Ltd is a Canberra based wholly Australian owned, Recruitment and Services company that has been operating since 1987. We specialise in the provision of permanent, contract and temporary recruitment services, as well as specialised Consulting assignments.

YOUR APPLICATION WILL BE TREATED WITH THE STRICTEST CONFIDENCE
Due to the nature of this environment, Australian Citizens with the ability to obtain a Government Security Clearance need only apply!
JO-2205-11481"
33,33,"Opportunity to work on a high impact data program
Take your R programming skills to the next level
Long term contract with career development opportunities


Do work that makes a difference
Opportunity to work on the next generation of data analytics at the Reserve Bank of Australia, leveraging a new platform that will be at the core of our economic insights and reporting.
Your team
This position is part of the Corporate Services Group which provides technology, workplace and data management services to support the delivery of the Bank’s policy, operational and corporate objectives.
You’ll be working with senior economists and like-minded data professionals to deliver new R-based solution to re-design and streamline the Bank’s economic insights and reporting.
In this role you will:
Independently assess and document current business standard and ad-hoc complex reporting and data analysis requirements including calculations.
Propose and deliver creative solutions to optimise the workflows for economic analysis.
Transform data from multiple sources using R programming to produce automated data analytics, visualisations and statistical reports.
Ensure ongoing data integrity, reporting data inconsistencies and resolving these in close collaboration with stakeholders.
To be successful in this critical role you will:
Experience designing and developing efficient code, functions and scripts that leverage data from multiple sources using R and SQL programming languages.
Demonstrated experience in data extraction, manipulation and data management.
Advanced knowledge of database and business intelligence concepts and tools.
IT technology expertise involving solution design / database development desirable.
Strong written communication skills and concise and succinct communication style.
Your development & career
Working for an organisation that truly makes a difference to the Australian people, we can offer development and career opportunities in a collaborative environment that supports people’s growth, wellbeing and promotes flexibility.
About the RBA
The RBA pursues national economic policy objectives and undertakes a range of associated activities in financial markets and banking. It also issues Australia's banknotes and operates infrastructure critical to the payments system, all of which contributes to the welfare of the Australian people.
Our people have a critical role to play in achieving these objectives, whether directly or in a supporting capacity. As a values driven organisation, our people conduct themselves with a high degree of integrity, while striving for excellence in the work they perform and the outcomes they achieve. We encourage intelligent inquiry, we treat one another with respect, while promoting the public interest in our efforts.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace and encourage applications from experienced candidates seeking workplace flexibility.
Advertised13 May 2022"
34,34,"Job Description :
Who are we?
Diageo Australia has one simple, but focused mission – to Celebrate Life, Every Day, Everywhere. In order to do this, we are supported by our incredible portfolio of market leading brands, some of which are in your home now. As the largest spirits manufacturer in the world, with brands including Johnnie Walker®, Smirnoff®, Gordon’s®, Baileys®, Captain Morgan® and our homegrown heroes Bundaberg Rum® and UDL®, we are focused on bringing consumers together, giving them opportunities to celebrate life, every day, everywhere.
About the role:
Please note this is a 12-month contract role.
Our organisation is globally transforming into one characterised by speed of thought, decision making and bias for action in order to emerge the clear leader of the industry.
We have established a new team within the organisation whose ambition is to transform how we utilise performance related data to run our business. We are now over a year into the journey and the immediate priority is to review our current processes with a view of simplifying, automating or offshoring activities.
In this role, you will:
Be responsible for maintaining a set of reports or data processes within the team ranging from market share reporting or sales team incentive reporting to pricing maintenance or customer master data maintenance;
Be part of a team of data analysts where the tasks are rotated every 3-4 months across the team to improve, simplify and document the process providing you with an opportunity to learn;
Participate in continuous improvement initiatives both from a systems and business process perspective;
Support the business in the transition of its data into an enterprise data warehouse;
Ensure our data and reports are accurate and well adopted by the Sales, Marketing and Finance teams;
Provide the business with insight by merging disparate data sets; and
Drive accountability with the sales & marketing teams to ensure accurate inputs and process adherence.
What you'll bring to the table:
Strong Power BI Skills (essential) – data modelling, DAX and visualisation;
Commercial drive and commercial curiosity;
Problem-solving, planning and organising, highly detail conscious;
Experience improving procedures and challenging the existing processes;
Quick learner who exhibits resiliency and tenacity in the face of challenges;
Can build powerful relationships and work collaboratively within a team and with a variety of stakeholders across Sales, Marketing, Finance & IT teams, both on and offshore;
Understanding of drivers of performance within FMCG or Retail – Volume, Price, Mix and Distribution and Rate of Sale (preferred but not essential); and
Participated in a technology project implementation (preferred but not essential).
What is the culture like?
Are you prepared to take risks in the pursuit of greatness? Do you hold yourself to the highest standards with real accountability for results? Would you treat the business as if it is truly your own – because you want your legacy to be worthy of that of our founders? Then, let’s talk!
We are an organisation that creates products that are part of celebrations, and our culture reflects this. We work in a flexible way to ensure that you can fit work around your life commitments – this may be a different location and/or flexible hours. We are a future focused organisation, that is constantly wanting to perform better and to continue our growth.
Our commitment to inclusion and diversity:
Diageo is committed to building a workplace culture that values inclusion and diversity. We actively promote the employment of people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, LGBTI and other diversity groups.
Diageo encourages applications from people with disability and will provide reasonable adjustments in our recruitment processes and in the workplace. If you need an adjustment in the recruitment process, please let us know when submitting your application and we will tailor our process where practical.
At Diageo, we pride ourselves on our fast paced, bold and agile culture. In order to ensure we’re supporting the performance ambitions of our team, applications for this role will close 5pm 18 April 2022.
Worker Type :
Fixed Term Contract (Fixed Term)
Primary Location:
McMahons Point
Additional Locations :
Job Posting Start Date :
2022-03-28-07:00"
35,35,"Newly created role working for industry leader committed to transforming health and community care services
Analyse trends, research data, evaluate options and make recommendations to improve business performance
100% Work from home role with Not-for-profit salary package benefits!


Role Overview
Due to strong business growth, we are looking for a Business Systems Analyst to join the ICT team at integratedliving.
In this newly created role, you will be a key member of the ICT providing coaching, system support and guidance to Finance, HR and Payroll to optimise business system performance. Your primary focus will be coaching and providing guidance to the business and improving system (TechnologyOne). This includes contributing to the development of Test Plans and test scripts, and also perform test execution as required.
You will have proven communication skills to understand the issues and gain buy in to improve process and create efficiencies. In addition to your operational work you will contribute to strategic projects, in your area of expertise.


What will you bring:
Demonstrated proficiency with financial and/or other business software systems, including Microsoft Office Suite applications. Knowledge of TechnologyOne or other ERP systems highly desired
Experience providing advice, support, and coaching to business users to optimise business systems in one or more of the following areas: finance, human resources, payroll and procurement.
Finance or IT related degree or higher education qualification
Prior experience in a healthcare setting is highly desirable


Benefits
100% Work from home role with Not-for-profit salary package benefits
Professional development and career progression opportunities
The opportunity to make a real difference in the community and our client’s lives
A safe and healthy workplace culture which promotes diversity and mutual respect
About us
integratedliving is an industry-leading provider known for its person-centred approach to care. We are committed to delivering better health and well-being outcomes for our regional and remote customers. As an organisation, we have been concentrating on providing exceptional in-home care to aged care customers with a 2024 focus of transforming to the leading provider of health and community care services for people who are either aging or living with a chronic illness or disability. If you would like to be a part of this exciting time, please read on, and apply to be a part of the journey!


For more information please click here for a copy of the position description.


If you have the drive, commitment, and desire to help improve individual health outcomes and strengthen your local community then we welcome your application.


Don’t delay as we’re assessing applications as they are received.
We’d love to hear how your capabilities, achievements and experiences set you apart.


integratedliving Australia values diversity and promotes understanding and inclusion of all people organisation wide.
Our workforce proudly reflects the local communities we live and work in and we actively encourage all


https://integratedliving.org.au/work-with-us/careers-with-us"
36,36,"Customer Insights & Data Analytics
Customer Experience
CRM Data Management
With over 90 years as a Caterpillar Dealer, William Adams has proudly made its mark. Together with Caterpillar, we've been there for customers - selling and servicing the best equipment in the world - on land, at sea, in construction, mining and industry.

This is an opportunity for an insights specialist to influence customer strategy, working within a data rich organisation, supported by the global data capabilities of Caterpillar.

ABOUT THE ROLE

As our Senior Customer Insights Analyst you will play an essential role in keeping our people, products, and services customer focused. You will do this by conducting research, analysis, and insight generation to understand the customer journey and enable the team to better service the needs of our existing and future customers.

Based in our newly renovated facility in Clayton, you will play a key role in our Marketing team by taking a holistic approach to customer intelligence and effective CRM data management.

Your main responsibilities will include:
Identify sales growth opportunities to drive sales and marketing plan generation
Provide reporting, trend identification and customer engagement modelling for senior stakeholders
Coordinate our customer satisfaction program, including the communication of results and recommendations for continuous improvement
Responsible for CRM database quality and accuracy in collaboration with Sales and Marketing teams.
Develop, understand, and utilise customer insight, customer experience and CRM tools to drive best practices company-wide
Develop a thorough understanding of the sales funnel management process and implement procedures/initiatives that encourage a company-wide realisation of customer intelligence concepts
ABOUT YOU

You will have a natural analytical approach, with the ability to consult and advise on strategic plans and present to senior management.

You will be a true collaborator with excellent interpersonal skills and a pro-active leader who thrives on customer success.

To be considered for this role you will have the following skills, experience & attributes:
Positive, team-focused professional who thrives on collaboration and taking ownership of key data outcomes
Proven analytical skills and capability
Superior computer skills (Advanced Microsoft Office skills a must)
Outstanding written and verbal communication
Experience in a similar position with extensive CRM management
Analytical experience in a heavy machinery, manufacturing, automotive or similar industry
We will offer you an attractive salary package, including a laptop and mobile phone, as well as ongoing training and development opportunities.

You won’t regret joining this down to earth team and the broader William Adams family. We are proud and passionate… Let’s Do The Work!!

APPLY TODAY!! or for any questions call Stella in our Talent Acquisition Team on 03 9566 0959."
37,37,"We are looking for an Investment Governance Data Analyst to provide investment governance and oversight for superannuation fund investments, with an emphasis on data analysis. You will take an active role in the development, maintenance and analysis of investment-related data management systems, processes and reporting.
Tasks will include:
Provide support to the Head of Investment Oversight
Develop, manage, and comply with Equity Trustees processes
Provide Trustee Investment oversight over Superannuation funds.
Help facilitate data sourcing, management and analysis
Development of data monitoring and reporting systems
Performance Analysis & Attribution
Preparation of Board and Investment Committee reports.
Investment monitoring and approval
Review and challenge reporting from service providers
Engaging with internal and external stakeholders to build strong relationships
Contributing to high performing, engaged and committed team
Compliance with legislative and Equity Trustees requirements
What you'll need to succeed:
Experience in a similar role
Exceptional numerical and data management skills
Thorough understanding of investment principles around financial markets
Thorough understanding of Microsoft Excel
Experience with either Power BI or Tableau
Experience with SQL
An understanding of investment performance principles
Ability to organise and prioritise tasks and work efficiently and independently
Tertiary qualification in data, business, finance, legal or related field
What we can offer you:
A warm, open and supportive culture
An attractive remuneration package, including reward and recognition programs
An employee wellness program, including discounted health insurance and an employee assistance program
A workplace volunteering and giving program to enable you to help others in the community
Discounted tax and estate planning services
Great central CBD location, modern office and end of trip facilities.
About us - Trusted since 1888
Equity Trustees was established in 1888 and is now one of Australia's largest specialist trustee companies. We help our clients grow, manage and protect their wealth now and for generations to come. As a trustee company, it is our responsibility to always act in our clients' best interests, ensuring they feel safe, valued, and cared for.
We are committed to providing a workplace that is flexible, rewarding, and supportive of individual development. Just as you will help us grow our business, we will help you grow in your career.
Equity Trustees is 130 years strong - and growing. Apply now to be part of a successful contemporary trustee company!
Agencies please note that this vacancy is being managed directly by the Equity Trustees' HR team. We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support. Thank you."
38,38,"The Role
An opportunity has become available for a Senior Data Analyst to join Gold Coast Health (GCH) where the focus of our 10 000-strong team is on providing world-class health care to people living in the Gold Coast, and northern New South Wales region of Australia.
You will


Provide high quality analysis of complex health care data to support strategic and operational decision making
Act as a resource person by providing support for stakeholders in the access, interpretation and analysis of data from key information systems
Support day to day management of data and analytics platforms, providing end to end analysis and investigating variances
Develop data and analytics solutions that deliver the right information for the right purpose at the right time
Identify trends in Gold Coast Hospital and Health Service data and analytics requirements and recommend strategies to improve the quality and efficiency of data and information delivery
About you

To be successful in this position you will require:

While not mandatory, experience in the following would be well regarded: Structured Query Language, development of end-to-end business intelligence solutions, and clinical and patient administration systems. A relevant tertiary qualification would also be highly regarded.
Evidence of vaccination, and remain vaccinated against - COVID 19
Declaration of serious discipline history must be disclosed
Benefits


Flexible work options
Career Development
Salary Packaging
Modern Facilities
Diverse Work Culture
Research Opportunities
Up to 12.75% super
17.5% leave loading
Salary


Temporary full time (up to 12 months)
Base salary ranging from $108 936 - $116 690 per annum
About Us
The Strategy Transformation and Major Capital division has been established to define, design, enhance delivery and sustainability of our most significant service improvement, digital and digital transformation. Data Operations is one of five directorates providing digital services within the division, with a mission to build, support and maintain industry leading data assets that enable clinical practice improvement, digital transformation and analytics across the health service. Based at Southport.
About Gold Coast Health


Nationally and internationally recognised location for innovative medical research and health care
Annual operating budget exceeding $1.5 billion
More than 1100 beds across three hospitals - Gold Coast University Hospital, Robina Hospital, Varsity Lakes Hospital and Robina and Southport Health Precincts
Secondary and tertiary health services across more than 20 facilities
Opportunity to combine professional advancement, job satisfaction and relaxation into one fulfilling lifestyle
A workplace culture that encourages people to bring their whole selves to work so that they can perform at their best
Committed to reflecting the diversity of the Gold Coast community and ensuring each staff member is included and feels like they belong
How to Apply
Click APPLY to submit your application by Tuesday, 24 May 2022
Job Ad reference: GC416881
Please note: no third-party applications will be accepted.This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia License."
39,39,"ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA
Ability to obtain baseline clearance
THE LAST DATE FOR APPLYING FOR THIS ROLE IS 24/05/2022, 09:00 am.



Overview

We are looking for experienced and curious data analysts to work in the new client's office.

Responsibilities include:

Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Organising data into usable formats
Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
You will join the Analytics Growth section and engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.



You will have the opportunity to contribute to:
Team culture – contributing to a collaborative, agile, curious analytic team
Establishing productivity systems and processes – providing input into processes and systems (e.g. DevOps and Git) to manage work and share code
Innovative approaches – advocate for, and pioneer, novel approaches to delivering user-focused insights.
Analytic approaches and practice – contribute experience and preferences to effective ways of delivering analytic projects.
Selection criteria - Essential criteria
Strong communication skills to engage with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Analysing data to find answers to business questions
Organising and cleansing data into usable formats
Work with ICT and Business Systems teams to define/confirm requirements.
Relevant tertiary qualifications (in business analysis, computer science, science) or comparable industry experience.
Selection criteria - Desirable criteria
Azure solutions for data analytics
Azure DevOps for managing work activities
Power BI experience
Statistical analysis skills
Estimated start date: 1-07-2022
Location of work: ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA
Length of contract: 30 June 2023
Contract extensions: Up to 1 12-month extensions
Security clearance: Ability to obtain baseline clearance



Security clearance requirements
Due to the nature of the work the client requires all candidates to be Australian Citizens and have the ability to obtain a Baseline Security Clearance.

Why work with Recruitment Sorted?
Our team have been working in IT Contracting for more than 20 years.
We put people and trust at the forefront of everything we do.
We offer rate transparency.
We don’t have restriction clauses.

Ready to apply?
As with most roles, you may need to address selection criteria to complete an application. Please contact Teja Kuchimanchi on 0436 327 063 or Amanda O’Neill on 0456 248 380 or via jobs@recruitmentsorted.com.au or upload your CV using the Apply Now button. We’ll be in touch to discuss the next steps in more detail.

THE LAST DATE FOR APPLYING FOR THIS ROLE IS 24/05/2022, 09:00 am. Please submit your applications beforehand to avoid a last moment rush.

Recruitment Sorted is committed to equity, diversity and inclusion. Applications from women, people of culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds, those living with disabilities, members of the LGBTIQ+ community; and people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander descent, are encouraged."
40,40,"The Opportunity
The Leading Edge has a fantastic opportunity for a Graduate Marketing Data Analyst to work across all parts of the agency to turn research data into stories and help the client to achieve their strategic business objectives.
As our Graduate Analyst you will integrate the research conducted by The Digital Edge and The Leading Edge to meet the client brief. This role will see you turning complex data into meaningful stories that are easy to articulate and be implemented by the client.
Here's what you will be doing day-to-day;
Supporting the broader team to ensure the data input captured e.g. questionnaires will provide the best output to meet the client brief
Learning to tell stories with complex data and translating that into information the client can easily understand and adopt as a business strategy
Assisting with data analytics projects, from understanding the brief, providing support with proposals, and delivering results to clients
Supporting the brainstorming analysis sessions with formulating hypothesis and opinions
Assisting with interpreting and analysing data to formulate appropriate conclusions for clients
Learning to understand the client's business needs and objectives and articulate this in the form of the TLE offer
What you can bring;
A University qualification in Applied Statistics. We don't require you to have any research experience.
A demonstrable and keen interest in building and maintaining strong networks and relationships
A little about us
The Leading Edge is an insight and strategy consultancy with over 25 years' experience specialising in solving brand, innovation and retail problems. Created with a simple promise to do things differently and to do things better, The Leading Edge believes it's not just about what clients don't know, it's about focusing on what they can do to get better.

The Leading Edge partners with clients to help unleash their hidden potential and give them an edge, ultimately delivering focus, inspiration and guidance for an achievable and commercially focused plan.
Doing things differently means we attract a certain kind of person. A ""Leading Edger"" tends to have a healthy maverick streak, an aversion to the ordinary and a love of looking at problems with genuinely fresh eyes and telling it like it is."
41,41,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.
We’re looking for people with strong Data related Solutioning and Consulting experience. You will need passion for a career in data analytics, where you will provide a consultative service on a variety of data driven decision making projects within a fast-paced consulting environment.

This role is open to applicants across Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane & Sydney.

As a Data Architect, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives.


Some of your responsibilities will include:
Design, develop and implement data collection, transformation, and data integration solution to create, coordinate and deploy data and analytics solutions
Create and present the solution design through a solution design document and finally estimate for complexity, effort and costs
Collaborate with solution design and business requirements teams to identify data requirements and influence project artefacts
Demonstrate technical expertise in modern AI, analytics, big data and associated technologies, cloud platforms, data quality, governance and architecture
Provide technical guidance as SME and hands on delivery team member across multiple clients and engagements
Lead technology consulting engagements, solution workshops and due diligence

Skills and attributes for success
Relevant Data Experience in a similar role with responsibilities as listed above.
Solid experience on Enterprise Data Warehouse integration and reporting developing modern data platform solutions, data governance, architecture frameworks and processes.
On hands experience in Big Data technologies and Apache ecosystem technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Hive, and have experience building end to end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud-based data platforms.
Technical leadership and the ability to work with a wider group of architects, application teams and business teams to define and socialise architectural concepts and approaches

Ideally, you’ll also have
Proven track record in either consulting in a date/information modelling environment in a big 4 plus
Certification in one of the Cloud Vendors (AWS, Microsoft, Google)- Preferred.
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects

What we offer
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.
We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com.

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $150,000 including 10% superannuation.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
42,42,"APRA is seeking a Senior Analyst to join the Data Collection Design team within our Cross-industry Insights and Data Division. The Analyst will play an important role in the creation and ongoing development of data collections to ensure that the appropriate data is collected to support prudential supervision and the needs of government agencies. As part of the team you will gain a unique perspective across the finance industry as you contribute to the design of new data collections that are fundamental to APRA delivering on its strategy.
In this role you will:
Participate in the transformation of APRA data collections by developing new collections that will be used in key decision-making activities
Consider how changes to data items impact the broader data collection and interact with AASB or international regulatory data items
Work closely with the business intelligence teams to ensure that data successfully feeds into APRA’s data models
Build and maintain effective relationships with other areas of APRA, including policy development, legal, frontline supervisors and risk specialists
Build and maintain effective relationships with other government agencies such as the RBA, ABS, ASIC, ATO, and the Department of Treasury
Contribute to ensuring APRA’s data collections and taxonomy are fit for purpose and not creating excessive burden for industry.
To be successful you will demonstrate:
Understanding of data modeling concepts, with a view to developing business intelligence reporting
Knowledge and understanding of relevant industries supervised by APRA, including up-to-date, broad knowledge of industry trends and regulatory developments
Strong analytical, investigative and research skills, including data analysis and presentation
Knowledge of the statistics collected by APRA and other sources that provide insight into prudential risk for the industry
Strong ability to deliver projects
Excellent report writing and presentation skills
Excellent self-organisation skills."
43,43,"Date: 28-Apr-2022

Location:
Perth, WA, AU

Department: Risk Advisory

Description:
Are you interested in good governance and want to help organisations manage their risks better? If so, joining the number one professional services firm in Perth might be the right move for you.

About the Team
Deloitte’s Internal Audit, Risk Management and Controls team is looking for like-minded people to join our global network of Governance, Risk and Internal Audit professionals. We work with our clients to help them protect their people, their organisation and their brand through better internal controls, process efficiency, operational quality and effective regulatory compliance.

We are a leader in the Perth market, running large risk and control transformation projects with many iconic WA and national brands across industries and sectors. We operate an outward-looking and global practice, part of the Deloitte Asia Pacific firm, bringing insights from every continent to Perth as well as providing our expertise across Australia and internationally. Being part of our team gives you a national and global platform to build your brand.

Our services include:
Governance, Risk, Control and Assurance Transformation – We help clients transform the ways in which they leverage people, technology, data, business processes, and controls to address their risks and drive business performance. We help organisations assess and evolve the values, beliefs, tone, conduct, and understanding of risk culture to align with their strategy and business practices.
Internal Audit and assurance - We help transform internal audit and assurance functions by teaming with our clients. We provide input to established internal audit functions on their strategy and purpose, resourcing models, and technology. We offer specialised assurance services, leveraging data analytics, to provide assurance around specific risk areas such as third-party risks (suppliers and contractors), safety, cyber, privacy, sustainability and more.
Technology and Data Risk - We help clients transform their enterprise-wide technology and data management frameworks to improve decision-making at the senior stakeholder level.
Technology Risk and Controls Transformation - Our technology risk and controls solutions help our clients navigate technology risk through enhanced technology risk management capabilities and transformed IT controls that are effective, sustainable, efficient, and risk aligned.

What will your typical day look like?

You will:

Support the execution of client engagements through structured problem solving, effective time management and providing junior staff with the support and guidance needed to deliver high quality outcomes efficiently and effectively.
Support the strategy and development of practice capability in emerging IA focus areas (e.g. Agile IA, integrated assurance, risk culture, assurance automation)
Build authentic and trusted relationships with our clients and the broader Deloitte firm
Most importantly – have fun!
Enough about us. Let’s talk about you.

We encourage anyone who possesses the following experience and skills, regardless of background, to apply:

Highly effective communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to build strong relationships with a range of clients
Experience conducting analysis (desktop research, data analysis, reviewing documents etc) and synthesising into digestible outputs (e.g. reports)
Thrive in a multi-disciplinary team environment and can adopt different working styles to meet different methodologies and approaches
Curiosity to learn and proactivity to bring forward ideas

Why Deloitte?
We pride ourselves on our team of diverse, high performing individuals who are talented, supportive, inclusive and social – and who are at the heart of our success. Our aim is to ensure that all our people feel comfortable to bring their whole selves to work, and as a result, build a workplace that encourages the true spirit of diversity and inclusion."
44,44,"Bupa is an international healthcare group which has been committed to a purpose of longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world for more than 70 years. In Australia and New Zealand, Bupa supports more than 5 million customers through a broad range of health and care services including health insurance, aged care, rehabilitation, dental, optical, medical, hearing and medical visa services.
About the opportunity
Bupa has a strategic goal of being the most customer-centric digital healthcare organisation, with the use of data as an explicit pillar of this strategy. We have an excellent opportunity for 2 x Data Integration Business Analyst’s to join us on a 6-month contingent day rate contract. As part of the Health Insurance Data Transformation team, this role will partner closely with our Health Insurance & Technology business representatives to deliver high quality Technical and Business Analysis services at pace to drive strategic outcomes for our Health Insurance customers.
What you’ll be doing:
Liaising with Tech and Business Leads to illicit integration requirements
Documenting system integration patterns, SLA’s and support arrangements
Facilitating workshops / design discussions with system SME/Tech Leads
Deliver an Interface Dependency Agreement between two systems
How will I help?
Experience with integrating systems
Exposure to file/data transfer processes
SQL / SAS / BI Data store querying experience (Desirable not required)
Ctrl-M / Connect Direct experience (Desirable not required)
ADO / Scrum (Desirable not required)
Analytical & Analysis / Requirements gathering experience
Experience with Data Analysis / Data Requirements
Facilitating workshops (Highly Desirable if we can find anyone)
Azure Data Lake Experience (Highly Desirable if we can find anyone)
What’s in it for you?
As well as a competitive day rate, fully flexible working/ work from home, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will collaborate strongly with colleagues who are committed to delivering exceptional experiences. We trust, respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.
Time Type:
Full time"
45,45,"As a BA within this division, you will be working in a dynamic and outcome-focused environment, you will collaborate and work closely with various stakeholders across different divisions and play a key role in helping stakeholders deliver transformation and improvements within specific areas.
We currently have opportunities in:
Operations, Projects and Change
Payments and Settlements Transformation
Regulatory Operations
Counterparty Lifecycle Management
What impact will you have?
Within these roles you will be required to work closely with other team members interacting with a range of stakeholders from Operations, Technology and Business teams, to gather and analyse data to identify and determine business cases, trends and statistics. You will assist in gathering of business requirement documentation, including process mapping, and supporting business outcomes whilst assisting in project execution across all disciplines including project management, analysis, solution design, business acceptance testing and change management. Other attributes you would ideally bring with you are as follows:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Has excellent facilitation skills and the ability to bring structure to ambiguity
Has the ability to work individually and as part of the team by leading, providing support and guidance to fellow team members.
Is confident in communicating and influencing stakeholders at various levels
Has the ability to adapt in constant change
What skills will you use?
Key to success in this role will be demonstrating an inquisitive, open mind and drive to challenge the status quo, creative problem-solving capabilities, analytical thinking, enjoyment in working with data and the motivation and drive to not only deliver your assigned tasks on time, but to self-learn and discover solutions and opportunities. You have a learning mindset and the ability to pick up new concepts quickly and navigate ambiguity, draw out needs and translate those into tangible outcomes. Your interpersonal skills are second to none and you are capable of managing stakeholders at different levels.
If you aspire to understand organizational needs and provide strategic recommendations to stakeholders as a trusted partner and advisor, then this is a role for you. ! If you would like to learn more, please reach out to Laura Davidson at; laura.davidson@macquarie.com.
About the Corporate Operations Group
The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-964843
Work type: Maximum term
Location: Sydney
Category: Accounting & Finance, Projects, Improvements & Change
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Operations
Recruiter: Laura Davidson
Opening Date: 04/5/2022"
46,46,"Job no: 518015
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Canberra
Division: Management Consulting

KPMG Australia is part of a global network providing extensive services across a wide range of industries and sectors. Our people collaborate, share their expertise and create innovation as we partner with clients to solve complex challenges, empower change, drive disruption and growth. We look for talented people with the potential to make an extraordinary difference for our clients, our firm and our communities.
KPMG Data & Cloud is a team with a passion for helping our clients solve their business challenges. We achieve this through technology-based solutions that unlock insights and value from data and leverage innovative cloud-based solutions. Leveraging the “One KPMG” approach, our team works collaboratively with the wider KPMG service lines to provide our clients with industry-specific, tailored proposals that result in highly differentiated business transformation outcomes.
We re-imagine and re-invent organizations to become world class enterprises using advanced technologies, data and human insights. We help organizations to embrace Data Strategy, Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Cognitive, the Internet of Things (IoT), Data, Analytics & Modelling and more.
Your new role
The Data Analyst & Modeller is responsible for designing data assets and ensuring they meet the needs of our customers and the business. A major part of the role will be working to understand current and future use cases, requirements and translating those requirements into logical data models. The data modeller designs, implements, and documents data architecture and data modelling solutions, which include the use of relational, dimensional, and NoSQL databases. These solutions support enterprise information management, business intelligence, machine learning, data science, and other business interests.
You will work proactively to:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, and the ability to translate information into creative solutions to benefit the business.
An understanding of data technologies, data governance, data management, analytics and insights, and business process-based solutions and the application of such solutions to deliver new business capabilities.
Knowledge of modern data platforms, preferably the Azure cloud and how to architect solutions of end-to-end.
Create logical and physical data models using best practices (standards, naming conventions etc) to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy
Develop and maintain enterprise wide view of data assets including source to target mapping, source specific data models
A thorough understanding of what a best practice enterprise deployment of Power BI would look like.
Ability to understand and analyse data and manage data through Power BI tool.
A strong understanding of UX Design capabilities (including the Double Diamond framework) and experience designing complex end to end solutions for complete digital environments.
Ability to develop requirements into actionable business analytics strategies, roadmaps, and data solutions.
Strong understanding of visualisations.
A solid technical background with proven delivery experience.
Ability to develop requirements into actionable business analytics strategies, roadmaps, and data solutions.
You bring to the role
Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering or equivalent.
Experience with a range of vendors and tools, and on premise and cloud infrastructure or services, including: Microsoft Azure, Tableau, Cognos, Power BI and UX Design.
Experience with Agile delivery methodologies.
Modelling experience for analytical/OLAP systems - preferably Cloud Native Database(s) including Synapse
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills with extensive experience explaining and presenting complex technical concepts to both Business and Technology focussed senior stakeholders.
Proven ability to develop and manage enduring client relationships, engendering a sense of trust and respect.
Exceptional stakeholder engagement and communication skills with an ability to build credibility with senior leaders and internal working teams.
Department of Defence, professional services or similar Federal Government department experience is desirable.
Must be an Australian citizen to meet clearance request guidelines
Mandatory Requirement: Australian Citizens Only
What can we offer you?
As you join our high-growth part of the business, we offer you a unique chance work in a social and dynamic team environment, work with high-profile clients, and provide active coaching and mentoring on engagements! As a leading global professional services firm, we are also dedicated to providing our employees with:
A culture focused on harmony, trust and collaboration
Opportunities to work on larger, diverse and more complex projects. Putting your skills and experience to the test!
Encouragement and support of ongoing learning and career development across the business. Because how you grow matters!
Opportunities to collaborate and link across borders and globally with sector and technical experts in all parts of our business
Be involved in KPMG's support of numerous organisations in the areas of education, social inclusion and health including our Reconciliation Action Plan and Global Green Initiative.
Participation in the performance-based variable pay (bonus) scheme.
Enjoy employee benefits including salary packaging options, employee discounts, reward schemes, and more!
The KPMG Difference
At KPMG, we’re passionate about creating an inclusive workplace that promotes and values diversity. We believe that everyone’s unique experiences enable us to deliver meaningful benefits for our people, our clients and communities. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, ages, religions, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, LGBTIQ+ people, those with a disability, women and people with a cultural or linguistically diverse background.
We embrace flexibility as a key principle to allow our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal and family life.
KPMG has a decade-long, proud commitment to Indigenous Australia, as demonstrated by the achievement of an Elevate level Reconciliation Action Plan. KPMG is a foundation member and Principal Partner of Pride in Diversity started in Australia by ACON and the Diversity Council of Australia, and is recognised in the Australian Workplace Equality Index (AWEI) which evaluates LGBTIQ+ inclusiveness in the workplace. KPMG Australia has been consistently recognised as an Employer of Choice in the Australian Government’s Workplace Gender Equality Agency(WGEA) annual index.
Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
How you grow matters | Environmental, sustainability, governance | KPMG Australia - YouTube


Advertised: 11 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 31 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
47,47,"Line of Service
Assurance
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
Analytics
Management Level
Senior Associate
Job Description & Summary
Genuine opportunities can be hard to spot. Unless you’re someone who’s used to finding needles in haystacks made of data. If you’re one of those people, you also probably know that opportunities this good don’t come along that often.
PwC is one of those places where opportunities create options. We’re a community of people united by the love of solving problems, and every solution we deliver cements trust with our clients. And that trust creates more opportunities to strengthen our relationships and fortify our culture.
More than just a number
Supportive team leaders elevate your success. We lead differently, empowering our people to harness their human ingenuity, passion and latest technology to create a better tomorrow.
We empower our people to use their creativity, authenticity and human differences to be the champions of change. We know that when people from a variety of backgrounds and with different points of view work together, we create the most value - for our clients, our people and our society.
In Data Assurance, we care deeply about our people and the numbers. We celebrate having a culture where innovation meets passion. For us, it’s about having an incredible team to solve important problems.



Feel confident in Assurance
What is assurance? A feeling of confidence. It’s what we strive to deliver to our clients as we work side by side to help solve the myriad of issues they face. This assurance, in turn, enables organisations to build and earn trust with their stakeholders.
Data has changed the world. Our clients need trusted advice on how to best gather, use and analyse their information. That’s where we come in. We offer a wide range of services, from data governance and data quality to large scale recalculation, visualisation, data collection and validation platforms, as well as advanced analytics.

Our Data Assurance team works alongside clients in a multitude of ways. These may be complex recalculations of business process outcomes, developing bespoke solutions to specific problems. We help transform external and internal audit approaches by embedding data analytics through the entire audit lifecycle and look to the future as algorithmic decisioning becomes embedded in operational areas. We also help our clients establish the best controls, processes and structures to ensure that decisions are made on accurate information. We often assure that information and data provided to regulators and third parties is accurate, complete and can be trusted.
About you
You have a background in data analytics. You're skilled in data visualisation, data cleansing and manipulation, and you understand business and risk applications. If you have any previous experience in internal audit analytics, that's a big green flag for us!
As a Senior Associate in our Data Assurance team, you'll make an impact through:
Building risk and compliance data analytics outputs using tools like Alteryx, ACL, R, Python, Qlik Sense, Power BI, and SQL Server.
Applying risk and compliance analytics to drive decision making for our clients, helping them to better manage risks, optimise processes and build trust with their stakeholders.
Working across multiple client projects, with a broad range of tasks across the data analytics life cycle, like ETL, data wrangling and cleansing, reporting and dashboarding.
Compelling data-driven storytelling to communicate and help clients minimise risk and improve their processes and control framework.
Your New Benefits
Flexible daily working hours, we value work-life balance
Work overseas or interstate, we know how precious time is with your family and friends
Paid study (and leave!), we pay all the costs and give you time off to study
No dress code, wear what makes you feel comfortable and dress for your day
Yearly bonuses, because who doesn’t love to be rewarded for great performance!
Health & fitness perks, like a wellness stipend and discounted memberships
Generous parental leave policy for mums, dads and foster carers
If you're looking for a team that values your work and solves meaningful problems, apply now!
We believe the best work is human-led and tech-powered. If you’re keen to apply and need reasonable adjustments or would like to note which pronouns you use at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
Belinda Riordan is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experience high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all.
PwC is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as well as visitors to our offices and events.

PwC has introduced a COVID-19 Vaccination policy that requires all staff, contractors, clients and visitors to be fully vaccinated before they can access our offices, attend client sites, undertake work-related travel, or attend work-related events, subject to limited exemptions. For more information: https://www.pwc.com.au/about-us/notices/coronavirus.html
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
No
Job Posting End Date
June 30, 2022"
48,48,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We are looking for a Technical Business Analyst within the Technology Consulting – Data and Analytics team in our Perth office.

As a Technical Business Analyst, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions and digging around in the data when needed.
Designing and building reports – capture data requirements for the client and team
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Have experience in business intelligence, data warehousing or advanced analytics projects.

To qualify for the role, you must have

Creating requirements specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating workshop sessions, and using the necessary business analyst tools.
Working with SQL databases and database querying languages.
With programming skills such as Python and R.
Hands on experience working technologies/platform e.g. Power BI, Microsoft suite, Jira/Confluence, Azure DevOps.

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience with cloud deployment (AWS, Azure)
Exceptional communication, documentation, and presentation skills.
Ability to problem-solve and think critically.
Technical reconciliation and reporting skills.
Some development experience would be advantageous but not essential.

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
49,49,"Join a successful, mature and growing business
Work as part of broader team to deliver client outcomes
Contract Position for 4 Months

About BSA

The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure).

BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.

We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

About the Role

We are looking for enthusiastic people to join our BSA|CUI finance team in the capacity of Claims Data Analyst, based in our Lidcombe office. Reporting to the Accounts Team Manager, the key purpose pf this role is to analyze billing, disputes, providing payment schedules and support with data extraction queries.

Key Responsibilities include:


Producing payment schedule reports for the leadership team
Analyze data and summaries findings in order to produce payment schedules reports including outstanding queries and disputed payments
Having strong technical and analytical skills, business intelligence, and a working knowledge of the billing and recovery management.
Perform revenue conciliation and calculate the applicable recovery
Being able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Maintaining payment schedule register and liaise with relevant team member to finalize the account
Any other tasks as directed by the Management
Uphold BSA Values and Behaviors and take reasonable care to prevent injuries to self and others.
To be a part of the team, we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant area with a minimum 3 years’ experience in working within billing, commercial and finance area.
Advanced Excel skills with high attention to detail and organizational skills
Intermediate proficiency in SQL
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Demonstrated ability to contribute to analytical solutions
Providing support to Management, Internal and External stakeholders
Excellent attendance/punctuality
Solution focused
Previous experience in telecommunication industry would be an advantage but not mandatory.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
0,0,"Join a successful, mature and growing business
Work as part of broader team to deliver client outcomes
Contract Position for 4 Months

About BSA

The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure).

BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.

We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

About the Role

We are looking for enthusiastic people to join our BSA|CUI finance team in the capacity of Claims Data Analyst, based in our Lidcombe office. Reporting to the Accounts Team Manager, the key purpose pf this role is to analyze billing, disputes, providing payment schedules and support with data extraction queries.

Key Responsibilities include:


Producing payment schedule reports for the leadership team
Analyze data and summaries findings in order to produce payment schedules reports including outstanding queries and disputed payments
Having strong technical and analytical skills, business intelligence, and a working knowledge of the billing and recovery management.
Perform revenue conciliation and calculate the applicable recovery
Being able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Maintaining payment schedule register and liaise with relevant team member to finalize the account
Any other tasks as directed by the Management
Uphold BSA Values and Behaviors and take reasonable care to prevent injuries to self and others.
To be a part of the team, we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant area with a minimum 3 years’ experience in working within billing, commercial and finance area.
Advanced Excel skills with high attention to detail and organizational skills
Intermediate proficiency in SQL
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Demonstrated ability to contribute to analytical solutions
Providing support to Management, Internal and External stakeholders
Excellent attendance/punctuality
Solution focused
Previous experience in telecommunication industry would be an advantage but not mandatory.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
1,1,"The position
The Marketing Analyst role exists to provide the business with analytical insight into the supporter, their giving behaviour and other attitudinal data to drive continuous improvement within marketing campaigns and supplying clear, accurate and reliable data/insights.
Your role plays an integral part in the organisation, enabling us to support our mission of empowering Australians to create meaningful change for the world’s most vulnerable children and adults.
This is a contract role until February 2023.
You will:
Develop, maintain targeting strategies through data including the creation and delivery of targeting lists/files for campaigns using various channels (ie: DM, eDM, Flat File outputs) and to required timelines
Partake in targeting workshops and produce pre-campaign analysis to support strategic directions and make recommendations based on insights
Analyse in-flight campaign responses to enable quick optimisations (where needed) or test and learn strategies
Develop and utilise supporter segmentation within targeting strategies
Create and develop post campaign analytics decks to simplify the core learnings for continual improvement
Develop and maintain reporting dashboards to support campaign outcomes (maintain UTM tagging framework)
Develop and maintain reporting methodologies to effectively measure various marketing activities
Collaborate with other business functions to enhance understanding of data and its use, and ensuring a robust marketing/communications strategy
Who we’re looking for
We are looking for someone who has a curious mindset, can probe and ask questions, direct stakeholders and articulate insights back to the business.
You will have:
Proven experience in marketing (CRM) targeting campaign methodologies/strategies, customer/supporter segmentation.
Experience with stakeholder engagement and presenting your findings and recommendations
Exposure to test and learn (test/control groups) methodologies
Experience with Agile ways of working
Strong proven experience of using MS SQL to extract, analyse and create data for generating insights
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik
Strong written communication skills demonstrated by the ability to produce sound written reports and technical documentation
Exposure to Marketing Automation Tech-Stack is advantageous
Tertiary qualifications in commerce, economics, marketing, business statistics, analytics or relevant discipline
Working for World Vision means you are making the world better
It’s not every day that a job comes along that lets you change the world. Working for World Vision means looking forward to turning up at work because you know you’re about to do something meaningful. It means working with 35,000 staff and 3.3 million supporters in 100 countries who will stop at nothing to help children live better lives. Join a team that is bold and courageous, and where job satisfaction goes beyond financial reward.
The selection process
For your information, the interviews will start immediately, and the role may be filled before the closing date.
We embrace diversity, employing people from a variety of cultural and religious backgrounds. We take our Safeguarding responsibilities seriously and we are committed to providing an environment that is safe for children. Our stringent recruitment procedures make sure the safest and most suitable people work with the children in our programs. All successful candidates will undergo a criminal record and Working with Children check prior to employment. We provide our staff and volunteers with ongoing supervision, support and training in their work with vulnerable children and their families. World Vision Australia participates in the Inter-Agency Scheme for the Disclosure of Safeguarding-related Misconduct in Recruitment Process within the Humanitarian and Development Sector.
Who we are
World Vision is a Christian organisation that empowers everyday Australians to create meaningful change for children through relief, development and advocacy work.
We offer great benefits such as salary packaging, flexible working arrangements, free on-site parking and an onsite café for our employees.
For more information on World Vision and the work we do, please visit our website: https://www.worldvision.com.au/about-us


Advertised: 30 Mar 2022 12:00 AM AUS Eastern Daylight Time"
2,2,"A career at Bupa is more than just a job. It’s an opportunity to make a real difference in the lives of our customers and communities. Our purpose, helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world, is what inspires us.
You will provide an analytics and insights capability within the Healthcare Management (HCM) Data Science and Insights team, with responsibilities and accountabilities relating to the development and maintenance of Analytics and Data Science solutions that support the business units within Bupa’s HCM team and their respective strategies. You will have excellent ability to understand customer and business problems and use data to solve for complex problems across the healthcare provider space. This is a Permanent Full-Time opportunity and is based in Melbourne, Sydney, or Brisbane when you’re not working from home.
How will I help?
Providing statistical analysis encompassing Bupa Health Insurance, external, and other data to solve for complex problems across the healthcare space.
Working closely with business areas to execute on use cases that will deliver value to Bupa and our customers.
Work within the Data Science and Insights team to implement different approaches to problem solving including dashboard design, critical thinking, and statistical approaches.
Execute analytical approaches under guidance, such as scoping analysis, developing insights from health insurance claims data, and communicating outputs to stakeholders.
Support HCM in identifying trends and opportunities with a focus on generating meaningful, actionable insights for the business and utilising visualisation tools for automation and presentation of analysis.
Apply your broad skillset across data and analytics to develop and implement analytical models to support key business areas such as fraud, waste and abuse, behaviour change, contract management, data modelling, forecasting, and other complex healthcare problems.
Compile insights and recommendations into clear, concise deliverables for internal business partners, derive insights from data and communicate those insights to a non-technical audience through presentations and documentation.
What’s in it for me?

As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will partner with colleagues who are dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences. We respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.

Perk highlights:
Discount on our health insurance, travel, car, home, contents and pet insurance products as well as discounts when you attend a Bupa Dental clinic or purchase glasses from a Bupa Optical store.
A dedicated internal wellbeing team provides you with a range of services, such as a global resilience program, regular training opportunities on a range of wellbeing topics and access to a variety of wellbeing discounts.
An additional well-being day each year to treat yourself.

What do I need?
Degree in highly quantitative field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, machine learning) or equivalent experience.
Excellent communication skills - being able to both interpret and convey information in a clear, concise way with people from technical and non-technical background and use data to tell a story
Intermediate stakeholder engagement skill and demonstration of a curiosity to understand the business and develop innovate ideas to address problems and opportunities.
Experience leveraging statistical programming languages (SAS, R and/or Python for analyses (with in-depth knowledge of at least one, preferable with desired experience in SAS)
Proficiency and experience in statistical methods.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (properties of distributions, statistical hypothesis testing, experimental design) and experience applying these.
Experience with data visualization tools (Tableau or Power BI)
About Bupa Asia Pacific
Bupa is an international healthcare group which has been committed to a purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world for more than 70 years.
Bupa Asia Pacific operates in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong, supporting about 6.5 million customers through a broad range of health and care services including health insurance, aged care, dental, medical, optical and hearing services. Employing more than 20,000 people in the region, we believe that we can make a real difference to the lives of customers through our values, purpose and the way that we deliver personalised care.
Since 2002, we have reinvested approximately $6 billion in the region, with the Bupa Foundation investing more than $34 million to support 130+ health and care projects.
Our people reflect the diversity of our community. At Bupa, your wellbeing, identity and own story is respected and valued.
Time Type:
Full time"
3,3,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Be at the forefront of Sky’s new data ethics practice. Fire-up and stoke the conversation about using data in an ethical manner and its importance for Sky brand, employees and customers. Create cultural change and transform how we implement our GDPR, privacy and customer preference responses whilst ensuring conformance with Sky’s data management standards and best practice culture

What you'll do:
Acting as a champion and change agent for data ethics, and DQGE more broadly
Enabling and empowering the business to adopt data ethics best practice in their work; this could include facilitating data ethics training, supporting data science teams with the adoption of relevant tools, and introducing ethical data behaviours to the rest of the business
Owning stakeholder management strategy and communicating effectively to raise awareness of data ethics, as well as creating a space for people to discuss ethical dilemmas, express concerns and ask questions
Supporting development of data ethics tools, policies, case studies and more

What you'll bring:
Strong stakeholder relationship management skills and experience – you strive on building new networks and acting as an ambassador for a cause
Demonstrated experience in digital transformation and change management with clearly defined outcomes is considered a benefit
Ability to bridge the gap between the technical and non-technical audience
Analytical mindset and ability to quickly grasp technical concepts (experience in data science or experience in working with technical teams is a bonus)
Demonstrated interest (and experience) in digital ethics and a genuine desire to help people navigate the grey areas of doing the right thing with data
Strong organizational skills and ability to meet strict deadlines

Group Data Hub
Want to unlock the power of data? Our Group Data Hub works with millions of data transformations every day to deliver value, improve customer experience and enable new product launches. From architecture to analytics and engineering to science: it’s how we bring customers more of what they love.

The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Free access to NOW, for streaming all your favourite shows
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences

How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.

Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
Livingston Watermark House:
Our lively campus is a free shuttle bus away from Livingston South train station and the town centre. Plus there’s onsite parking available for cars, motorbikes and bicycles.
You’ll be well fed at our subsidised canteen, and you can keep in shape at our onsite gym. Or play a game of pool or table tennis.
Inclusion:
Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!
And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
4,4,"What you'll do as a Risk Analyst at Akuna:
We are looking for a motivated self-starter to join our growing global Risk team in our Sydney office. This role will allow you to make a direct impact by taking ownership of Risk responsibilities in the Asia- Pacific region. You will work regularly with our Head of Risk, Quantitative Risk Analyst, Traders, Risk Development team and other global functions. In this role, you will:
Work on improvements to measuring and managing market, credit and operational risk and building a strong risk culture
Maintain and improve our checks and controls and overall risk processes
Work on market and credit risk limit methodologies, and enforce violations
Design daily risk reports for management
Manage activities across all lines of business across the region especially on Risk management
Initiate and develop new Risk frameworks and ensure they are in line with local regulatory standards
Define and propose Risk strategies, and ensure they are optimal with respect to regulatory requirements and firmwide risk appetite
Requirements for the role:
Bachelors or Masters degree with applied Mathematics
Econometrics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or related fields
Numerical and quantitative fluency
Ability to work independently and think through complex and detailed problems
Strong written and verbal communication skills
An interest in options, finance, and trading
A passion for working with technical teams and learning to code in Python
Qualities that make great candidates:
Strong academic results and achievements
Any experience with finance, options or automated trading environments
Basic Python programming skills
About Akuna:
Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialise in providing liquidity as an options market maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. At Akuna we have a flat structure, where the best idea wins.
Our Founding Partners, including our CEO Andrew Killion, first conceptualised Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened our first office in 2011 in Chicago, the heart of the derivatives & options industry. Akuna then expanded to Sydney in 2018 to be the centre of our Asian trading operations, and in 2021 we moved to our Barangaroo waterfront office. We currently trade in HK, Korea, India, cryptocurrencies, and US night markets and are excited for expansions into all the major Asian exchanges. We also have offices in London, Shanghai and Boston.
At Akuna, we believe that the people are the centre of everything we do. Our Sydney office has a start-up feel with less than 200 people, which means you really get to know the team! We run social poker competitions, happy hours, have a fully stacked breakfast and snack room, host social events, go on company trips, social club events, and offer great training with our Akuna University. We are expanding rapidly and looking for the best talent to join us on this journey. If you enjoy being part of smart, driven teams with real challenges to solve- this could be the place for you!"
5,5,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Perth, WA, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27293


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?
You will provide support for the Resource Management tool Dayshape and responsible for:

Implementing organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determining level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones.
Timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Documentation of formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.
Deep troubleshooting and analytical skills
Ability to understand customer requirements and support project team in creating technical specification
Analyzes, designs, and recommends third-party tools and custom applications. Analyzes required functionality and implements customizations to platforms or develops custom solutions to fulfill business requirements.
Reviews other developers work to ensure solutions are aligned to architectural specifications and design. Investigates and corrects reported issues against existing software. Recommends performance improvements including tuning, or process changes.
Collaborates with team members to understand business requirements and create clear, technical specifications outlining the specific enhancement or functionality required. Supplies estimations, status updates, and escalations to ensure timely delivery of solutions.
Provides on-going support to business and content teams managing sites on strategic technology platform.
Provide technical oversight to project delivery team members.
Work with management and leadership to identify and prioritize business needs
Collaborates with application developers, designers, and architects to ensure a shared understanding of the detailed functional and technical requirements.
Participates in reviews of plans associated with project execution.
Responds proactively to both business and project issues and escalates appropriately.
Ensures communication of Change Management activities and confirms solution and schedule adaptability
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Prepares and maintains technical documentation.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 + years of related Business or Reporting Analysis experience.
Experience working with Agile development processes
Deep analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical, and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Leverage knowledge to understand the current business state of client and recognize gaps caused by change initiatives
Develop Strong Understanding of the Product
Capability to read and understand & analyze application architecture/design documents
Knowledge in VSTS (Azure DevOps) or any defect management tool is a plus

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
6,6,"Be part of the exciting EV Industry
Join an innovative, market leading organisation
Opportunities to diversify and expand your career

About the Role
Key responsibilities for this role include, but are not limited to:

Develop, own and maintain global Charger Uptime reporting.
Report on remediation steps being taken to restore chargers.
Provide data to support root cause analysis to charger down time drivers.
Reporting against Customer Service Level agreements.
Develop a deep understanding of the drivers of charger downtime and identify systemic drivers that prevent Tritium reaching charger Up Time goals.
Manage and build relationships with key decision makers and stakeholders at the customer throughout all levels & functions (Operations, Logistics, Customer Support etc)
Work collaboratively with customer service to resolve charger downtime problems on a case-by-case basses.
Work collaboratively with customer account management to resolve charger downtime problems on a case-by-case basses.
Use quarterly steering committee meetings and partnership meetings to perform periodic sentiment check meetings to gauge overall uptime performance.
About You

Proven work experience in data analytics, reporting, stakeholder management and process improvement.
Demonstrable ability to communicate, present and influence key internal and external stakeholders at all levels of an organisation, including executive and mid level.
Solid experience with CRM software (e.g. Salesforce, Zoho CRM or HubSpot) and MS Office (particularly MS Excel and PowerPoint).
Proven ability to juggle multiple customer service projects at a time, while maintaining sharp attention to detail.
Able to deliver high quality results whilst under pressure.
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation abilities.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Sales, Engineering, Finance or other relevant field.
Benefit
This is an incredible opportunity to join a thriving business that is just getting started. It is a fast-paced environment, and Tritium is kicking some major goals within the industry and their sector. Offering competitive salaries, on-site parking and plenty of growth opportunities, joining is a no brainer.

Tritium is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees"
7,7,"HorizonOne Recruitment is a leading specialist recruitment firm whose approach to recruitment is different. We focus on quality and service and have an in-depth understanding of our subject matter.
We don’t rely on the standard reactivate, tick n flick approach to recruitment. With our top candidates, we reverse traditional recruiting models so you are the focus of our recruiting efforts – we tailor our service to ensure we find you the best possible fit.
Take this opportunity to have someone like Lucas Walker in your corner, helping coach you through career pathway plans and understanding exactly what need – then helping you navigate the minefield of positions available to sift through the rhetoric and find the job with the right fit.
The Opportunity
Are you:
Considering what the next step is in your career?
Looking for your next interesting contract?
Thinking about what the next 5 years looks like? And how does your next role fit into your life plan?
Considering how to get to long term goals?
With the end of financial year approaching, now is the perfect time for you to evaluate and explore what’s available in the market.
Lucas Walker has a strong reputation in the market for his human centred approach to success: placing people into roles, not just matching CV’s to job descriptions. HorizonOne continues to work on understanding people, then finding roles for high performing candidates like yourself.
You will have access to a wide variety of opportunities for contracts, permanent, non-ongoing and section 26 transfers to our government, consulting and private sector clients. This also includes exclusive roles that are not available anywhere else in the market.
The Role
Just some examples of roles we have available are:
Data Analyst
Long term secure contract to June 2024
Work from home when you are up to speed
Small, high performing & fun-loving team.
Interesting and highly topical subject matter
See the positive impact of your data analysis on Australia/’s commitment to net zero emissions
Power BI Developer
Broad, immersive role working in both data and policy teams.
All levels and skillsets required.
Options to work with both cloud and on prem data.
Data scientist
Multiple positions available in the same team
Collaborative solutions to high profile real-world challenges
Build foundational analytic tools & apply the latest data analytics techniques (AI & ML)
Apply both supervised and unsupervised machine learning models
Assistant Director (Data Visualisation)
Section 26 or non-ongoing 12 months
Develop strategic insights from the data.
Work directly with SES as you identify common drivers of success or failure through analysis, collation and visualisation.
Data Analyst
Solve real world problems in this operational policy team.
Work on interesting projects rather than just BAU reporting.
See tangible impacts
12 + 6 month contract
Your Background and Experience
You are wanting to work with a recruiter who understands the evolving data discipline, who can help you advance your career.
You will have a combination of the following skills:
You can wrangle, model and analyse in one or more programming languages (preferably R, Python, SAS, SQL, Excel, SPSS, STATA)
You are experienced working with big data sets from a range of structured and unstructured sources to draw insights and visualisations
You can easily create dashboards using one or more visualisation tools (PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik, R Shiny, etc.)
You are familiar with supervised learning or unsupervised learning, NLP or a variety of data science and machine learning models.
Our clients have roles for all types of personalities from those who are happy to sit quietly in the corner (or now at home!) crunch, analyse or code through to outgoing engaging analysts who enjoy presenting or translating technical data to a non-technical audience and anyone in between.
The main requirement is a passion for data to support businesses make evidence-based decisions.
If you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below.
Australian Citizenship is mandatory.
Salary / Rate
I will work with you to understand and advise you on where the market rate is for your skills and experience for both contracts and full time salaried positions.
How to Apply


Alternatively if you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below.
Lucas Walker // 02 6108 4878 // quoting ref no. 11189
HorizonOne is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and we encourage applications from people of all cultures, capabilities and backgrounds."
8,8,"Contract opportunity at one of Australia’s leading energy pioneers
Exciting 12 month contract with opportunity to develop your career
Adelaide CBD location

About the company
Santos is one of the leading independent oil and gas producers in the Asia-Pacific region, supplying the energy needs of homes, businesses and major industries throughout Australia and Asia.
Chandler Macleod, in collaboration with Santos, is currently seeking office and field-based professionals for contract opportunities across Australia.

About the role
Embedded in the Materials Management team and reporting to the Materials Manager, your role will be to apply analytical thinking and provide insights relating to supply chain data from SAP S4/HANA. This will involve performing detailed requirements analysis and recommending process and system improvements in the fields of procurement, inventory management, electronic warehouse management and transportation.
In return, this position offers you the opportunity to develop operational skills within a word-class supply chain environment, under the guidance of an experienced team who are eager for your success.
Specifically, this role will involve:
Reviewing supply chain ERP system performance and identify opportunities for improvement
Creating and validating process maps
Researching and identifying appropriate SAP solutions to business requirements, as well as collaborating with other Functional Analysts within Santos, to ensure these solutions meet broader business objectives and efficiencies
Preparing for and leading customer facing workshops
Documenting configuration, functional specifications and test cases
Preparing scopes of work and manage outsourcing activities
Providing guidance to Santos’ IS support partner with regard to business requirements
Executing of test cases
Ensuring that integration with other modules is effectively tested during integration testing prior to workbench/customized transport movement to Production client.
Providing input to the Santos ERP system leadership team

To be successful in this role, you will demonstrate
Degree Qualifications in Supply Chain Management, Computer Science or Information Systems (preferred)
ERP systems experience. Ideally, this would include exposure to SAP P2P, WM and MM
A solutions oriented approach to designing, implementing and embedding business improvements
Advanced analytical and reporting skills, particularly within MS Excel
Solid communication and consultation skills, allowing you you understand and guide discussions relating to as-is and to-be processes

How to apply
If this sounds like you, and you have the required experience, skills, and qualifications for this contract opportunity, please ‘Apply’ today. Your Chandler Macleod Consultant will be in contact to discuss your application further.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Applications close: Sunday 16Jan2022 at 11:59 pm AEDST.
Please note: To be considered for this position you must have current work rights in Australia (i.e. Australian citizenship, permanent residency or eligible working visa and be currently available for work in South Australia with no restriction).
Chandler Macleod complies with all relevant State, Territory and International Covid-19 laws and health orders, including but not limited to vaccinations, safe travel, and declarations of health. We acknowledge that these laws and health orders will vary and may change over time. We encourage all applicants to check and consider the impact of the relevant laws and health orders on your availability for employment with Chandler Macleod in this role and work location."
9,9,"Administration & Data Assistant
* Perth, CBD, Inner & Western Suburbs / Manufacturing, Transport & Logistics *
About the Role:
ASAP Start
5 days per week / Monday to Friday
Approximately 30 hours per week
Providing general administrative support across various departments
Review tracking system & identify trends with service failures
About you:
Intermediate Level Technology skills with Advanced Skills in Excel
Great time management skills
Previous warehouse/freight industry knowledge (desirable)
Working in a team environment as well as being able to work on your own if needed
At least 6-12 months of Data Entry/Administration skills with professional reference checks
What we offer:
Ongoing long-term work with the opportunity to go Permanent
Access to Upskilling and further online training
Job Type: Casual
Salary: $30.00 per hour
Benefits:
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplementary Pay:
Penalty rates
COVID-19 considerations:
All successful applicants must be triple vaccinated with evidence
Experience:
Administration: 1 year (Required)
Data analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)
Shift availability:
Day Shift (Required)"
10,10,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
11,11,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
12,12,"Location of work – Melbourne
Job Type – contract 6mths
Job Description.:
Roles and Responsibilities
SQL data analysts integrate data from multiple data sets into one database system to streamline information.
SQL data analysts program-specific database functions to create database triggers and design data tables.
After reviewing and analyzing data, SQL data analysts design reports showing statistics and other information about specific database topics.
SQL data analysts remove dead data files and other irrelevant information to free up database space.
SQL data analysts write scripts to analyze data and perform specific data queries.
SQL data analysts isolate and resolve issues with data and databases.
SQL data analysts collect data from multiple sources and add it to the database.
Desired Candidate Profile
Programming SQL data analysts have strong programming skills, particularly in SQL, structured query language, and other common programming languages
Computer skills because SQL data analysts perform their work on computers, highly advanced computer skills are required for this job
Mathematics – SQL data analysts use math to write complex scripts and queries in SQL and other programming languages
Analytical thinking – sharp analytical thinking is essential for SQL data analysts, who analyze specific data sets and statistics
Attention to detail – SQL data analysts must be highly detail-oriented to write SQL programs and monitor data
Multitasking – SQL data analysts work with multiple data sources and data sets, which requires a talent for multitasking
Cloud – working experience on AWS,AZURE
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
you can submit your resume to hr@inkitsolutions.com.au as well
About INKIT Solutions
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
13,13,"Who we are…
PLAYGROUND XYZ is an advertising technology business headquartered in Sydney with operations in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, London, Los Angeles and New York.
Our mission is to master the art and science of maximizing attention. To do this, we’ve built the world’s first AI that can measure how long an ad was looked at (a metric we call Attention Time). Fuelled and verified by real eye tracking data, but able to throw off the shackles of panels and instead scale infinitely across the world wide web, our AI is set to revolutionize the way that digital media is measured, bought and sold.
We’re a fast growing business with every major agency group and a great list of top tier publishers using our technology. We’re a team of mobile experts with an unrelenting focus on quality products and tech.
Our tech is being used by top 100 brands across the globe. We’ve won coveted ‘Marketing Technology Company of the Year’ awards from both B&T and Mumbrella and featured twice as a Rising Star in the Deloitte Fast 50 Technology Awards.We’re a passionate, enthusiastic team who are genuinely spending our days doing what we love the most – creating new disruptive technologies and products for big brands.
The opportunity…
We’re looking for a talented and passionate product analyst to join our team responsible for collecting the data that fuels our attention AI. In this role, you’ll be collaborating with a cross-functional product team to solve challenging problems which sit at the heart of what we do. As part of your day to day, you’ll also be taking the reins of our panel operations ensuring the continuous delivery of high-quality attention data.
If you love deep diving into complex problems, have an interest in process engineering and are passionate about product development… then this role is for you!
What you’ll be doing…
Working with a cross-functional product team to discover solutions to complicated technical, UX and process problems.
Taking a leading role in defining user stories that deliver value to our business and customers.
Managing agile delivery cycles and ensuring the team is engaged, empowered and all moving to the same beat.
Leading the QA processes for the product and helping to ensure that only top quality features get shipped.
Assist in conducting research and interacting with customers to understand their needs, obtain product feedback and optimise the customer experience.
Taking ownership of our panel operations function and ensuring that data collection across the business is delivered on time at the required levels of quality.
Working closely with our Chief Scientist and other stakeholders to define data collection requirements.
Who you are…
You have 3+ years of experience in a business/product analyst type role, with an outstanding track record of delivering world-class digital products.
An A-class communicator with a deep bag of tricks for conveying complex concepts and thinking.
You love deep diving into complex problems and navigating through uncertainty to discover smart and innovative solutions.
You’re not afraid to roll up your sleeves and step outside of your comfort zone.
Competent in data analysis and data wrangling.
Strong knowledge of agile product delivery.
Technically savvy, with a good grasp of software architecture and a genuine passion for technology.
You put a focus on building strong working relationships with all of your stakeholders whether they’re technical or business.
Bonus points for…
Experience in the advertising/media industry or panel management.
Able to query data, understand end to end data pipelines and cloud data warehousing platforms such as BigQuery, Athena or Snowflake.
Tertiary qualifications in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics).
The perks…
The opportunity to ride a rocket ship. You’ll play a pivotal part in our business during its ‘scale up’ phase by supporting the delivery of game-changing new products.
An amazing company culture, driven by passionate people who love their work, but also love to have FUN!
The opportunity to work with some cutting edge technologies as well as the freedom to continue to push the boundaries of what we do.
Career progression galore. The company is growing at a crazy rate and you will be too!
A progressive work from home policy.
A competitive salary package."
14,14,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there's flex for balance and the support you need. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let's care for everyone's tomorrow so we can create a better future together.
Looking for a role that allows you to take deep ownership of your work?
Due to an internal move we have a rare opportunity to join our Financial Assurance team. Reporting into Manager, Financial Assurance the primary purpose of this role is to assist in the completion of financial reviews of intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.

You'll be responsible for:

Assisting in the development and implementation of a valuation and review framework to assess the financial viability of proposed intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.
Working collaboratively with other departments to understand value drivers and to gain a strategic view of the proposed arrangements whilst also challenging these assumptions to ensure a robust valuation is presented.
Assiting in preparing reports to present to senior management
Assessing the impact of any risk indicators or issues as well as internal and external audit findings on financial reporting
Working with the wider Finance team, 1st and 2nd line Risk and the business to assist in identifying key financial reporting risks and mapping these to key processes and controls. Escalating any gaps and future areas of risk to relevant stakeholders.
Important to your success:

Experience in an analyst, audit or risk and compliance role, for a complex, organisation.
Demonstrated technical understanding of design and operating effectiveness of controls.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of communicating with audiences at all levels with clarity, impact and influence.
What's on offer?


What matters to you, matters to us too. Feel supported to have open, honest conversations about the flex you need so that you're able to take care of your personal wellbeing and deliver your best work.
You'll be given the opportunity to make a meaningful impact on how we do things
Learn through being supported and encouraged to take on new challenges that will help you to develop new skills
Feel supported to give something a go - try different things, take on new responsibilities and explore opportunities
Want to fast-track your career? We'll help you to find the right projects, opportunities and training to develop the capabilities you need to go further, faster
Walk straight into stable, high-trust client relationships that will enable you to confidently deliver meaningful outcomes to your clients from day one
About us
Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.
Let's care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant.
#LIAllianz-AU"
15,15,"As a delivery-oriented Business Analyst or Senior Business Analyst, with strong data management experience, you will work with stakeholders to understand business processes and data flows. This may include metadata management for use of business glossary, data linage, data dictionaries, and data governance tools. You should be able to translate technical concepts into business concepts that non-technical people can easily understand.
In this role, you will be required to work across multiple business groups and build and maintain strong relationships. You will use your ability to influence and support a diverse set of stakeholder Groups to contribute to the completion of the data deliverables within a project/change initiative. This role will allow you to expand your experience in understanding frameworks and capabilities and applying them to new systems and scenarios in a way that you can communicate to the business and embed practices with Data Owners and Data Stewards.
Day to day, you will be responsible for:
Use requirement gathering skills to build the understanding of the end-to-end business processes in scope of the change, concepts, terms & definitions, and high-level architectural design
Work with the Group data team to define the critical data in preparation for presentation and approval at internal Data Working Groups and Councils. Also facilitate change forums related to data, ensuring a robust process is set up and data is governed and fit for purpose for changes across systems and databases
Plan and execute initiatives to implement data management practices for good data quality outcomes including reference data and master data across the data landscape. This include identifying the data in scope of the project and critical data points by making use of Group data guidelines and use definitions and technical specification skills to ensure that the right data will be captured within the expected format/structure to ensure quality data.
Analyze and Identify Data Quality issues with the data in scope and facilitate the determination of issue impact, root cause and resolution options; work with Product Owners, Systems teams, Business Operations, and Project Teams to deliver good data management practices into project delivery, supporting changes to processes and behaviors.
Engage a diverse set of business stakeholders to assist you with capturing metadata, business data lineage, data ownership across the data lifecycle, business & Data Quality rules and establishing data quality measuring and monitoring.
For data migration initiatives or reporting transformation, you will be required to complete/validate source to target mapping, capture whether data needs to be cleansed, constructed, or transformed, obtain business approval of the mapping document, conduct data impact assessments and gap analysis on legacy systems, reports, or change initiatives to understand data and reporting requirements.
What skills will you use?
To be successful in this role, you will bring with you 5+ years Business Analyst experience working with Data, data warehousing, BI, data migration or analytics projects.
Strong delivery skills gained through project experience, in both planning and delivery capacity
Strong communication across a broad set of business and technology stakeholders
Ability to translate frameworks and operating models into implementation
Good understanding of data quality, reference data, master data, metadata management concepts and real world application
Experience with data mapping and tracing data lineage
Experience defining data quality rules or requirements / business rules / data controls
Experience across Salesforce (CRM, Workflow, Transaction management), Loan or trade systems, data lakes and data warehousing or data governance/meta data management tools (Axiom, Collibra, ICG) will be highly regarded.
If this sounds like you, please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About Macquarie Capital
Macquarie Capital offers global capability in M&A Advisory, Debt and Equity Capital Markets, Principal Finance, and Equity Trading and Research underpinned by deep specialist expertise across a range of sectors. Our people are empowered to think innovatively to address client challenges and originate opportunities, thinking beyond individual transactions to become a trusted adviser and partner over the long haul. From origination to execution, our unique combination of ideas, capital and expertise is transforming opportunity into reality for our clients and partners around the world.
With staff in 35 offices transacting across 31 countries, Macquarie Capital is a truly global business. A role in the team will expose you to a dynamic working environment and the opportunity to contribute to high-profile transactions whilst working in a business with the best people in the industry.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: MacCap-961814
Work type: Maximum term, Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Macquarie Capital
Division: Central
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 14/12/2021"
16,16,"Classification: APS Level 6
Location: Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Perth, Hobart
Division/Section: Strategy & Planning / Strategic Analytics
Reports to: Assistant Director Data Analytics
Employment status: Ongoing / Non-ongoing (temporary) *
Hours: Full time - 37.5 hours per week
Security clearance: Baseline Vetting
Salary: $87,725.71 - $98,327.39 p.a. plus 15.4% super
Closing date: Sunday, 22 May 2022
Contact for questions: Mark Wicht – Ph: (02) 8233 7875
AFSA actively promotes flexibility with working options in this role to support your family
commitments and personal interests
This recruitment process is being used to fill a current ongoing position in either our Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne,
Perth, Hobart or Sydney office. A merit pool of suitable candidates may be established as a result of this process to assist AFSA
to fill similar ongoing and non-ongoing positions that may become available over the next 12 months. Non-ongoing positions
may be offered for a period of up to 18 months with the possibility of extension (up to a total period of 3 years). Should a non-
ongoing position become ongoing or should an ongoing position become available, the merit pool established by this process
may be used to determine a suitable candidate(s).
)
Eligibility
Please note that this opportunity is open only to Australian Citizens. The successful applicant must have,
or be willing to undergo a security clearance to the level of Baseline Vetting as a condition of
employment.
To satisfy character requirements all AFSA employees must undergo a police records check. Where a
person has received a redundancy benefit from APS agency employment and their corresponding
redundancy benefit period has not expired, they may be ineligible for employment.
About the area
The Strategy and Planning Division is responsible for shaping the agency’s strategic agenda and
positioning AFSA as an agency striving to be a world class service provider and firm and fair regulator.
The Division responsibilities include: 
Managing the Enterprise Strategy and associated planning for AFSA, including drawing insights
from a range of sources to provide advice to enable effective decisions 
Guiding and supporting the Program Governance Committees to take a strategic approach to
policy development 
Managing the data analytics capability for the agency, including providing insights to both internal
and external users to inform performance of the agency and the economy 
Managing the agency’s parliamentary and reporting responsibilities 
Support the agency’s service improvement culture by reviewing insights from feedback and
working with divisions on the transformation 
Delivering internal and external communications across the agency, including AFSA’s approach
to stakeholder engagement 
Delivering the annual report and other key strategic documents
The Data Analytics Section plays a key role in coordinating business insights across the agency as well
as providing data analytic functions, including research and the publication of the agency’s statistical
data. The section leads AFSA’s analytical capability by providing an array of services including quality
advice, analysis and modelling, and trusted statistics on topics relevant to AFSA, our Minister and
portfolio, other key government stakeholders, as well as the financial services sector.
Purpose of the position
The Senior Data Analyst will contribute to the agencies strategic approach to data and insights, which
includes delivering statistical advices, analyses and publications. The Senior Data Analyst will be
responsible for working with disparate data sources, including financial, demographic and geospatial
data sources, to extract, consolidate and analyse regulatory data for different audiences, internal and
external to AFSA.
)
Key Accountabilities
As the Senior Data Analyst, you will: 
Actively contribute to the Data Analytics Section’s commitment to delivering high quality statistical
advices, timely reports and the development of regulatory program insights. 
Support the Assistant Director of Data Analytics to deliver statistical publications, data quality
initiatives, data integrity and data analyses to internal and external stakeholders. 
Interpret data requirements and extract regulatory program data to service ad-hoc data requests
and support the development of data-driven insights. 
Analyse datasets utilising tools like Excel, SQL and other analytical products to contribute to
regulatory program insights and data integrity. 
Develop dashboards, codify business requirements and deliver program insights using PowerBI
and/or Tableau. 
Apply data storytelling skills and communicate effectively with a diverse range of stakeholders
from both technical and non-technical backgrounds. 
Actively contribute to data sharing activities and promote data linkage initiatives by applying
current privacy and data governance practices.
Skills and Capabilities


Services 
Communicates simply and clearly 
Collaborates internally and externally
Data and Compliance 
Understand and uses data effectively 
Uses information to make evidence-based decisions
Governance 
Operates efficiently to achieve business outcomes 
Demonstrates judgment and common sense
Technology 
Applies digital dexterity 
Drives innovation and continuous improvement
Qualifications, accreditations and experience
To be successful in this role, you will have: 
A tertiary qualification in applied finance, engineering, mathematics, statistics or other
quantitative discipline. 
Demonstrated experience (3 – 6 years) working as a Data Analyst in the financial services,
regulation or other related industry delivering reports and publications.
)

Strong data storytelling and data visualisation skills, with the ability to communicate findings to a
range of stakeholders. 
Strong understanding of data management best practices and the Australian public data system. 
Demonstrated competence in data analysis and statistical modelling using tools such as Stata,
SAS, R, Python etc is desirable but not essential.
Application details
The application is the tool that the selection committee will use to shortlist applicants.
Your application must include:
1. A completed Position Application Form (available on the AFSA website)
2. A current Resume/ CV including contact details for at least two recent referees
3. A two-page pitch, that considers the key responsibilities and essential capabilities of the position
and states the following:


Why you are interested in the position 
How your skills and experience make you the best person for the position 
What value you can add to AFSA and the Strategy and Planning Division.
4. State the position title and location in the subject line and email: recruitment@afsa.gov.au
Applications must be submitted no later than Sunday, 22 May 2022.
A selection decision may be made on the basis of your application only. A telephone interview may be
conducted in the first instance. Candidates may also be required to undergo psychometric and/or work
sample testing as part of this selection process.
All pre-employment checks will be conducted via an external party (Equifax). For further information on
Equifax’s privacy policy please refer to: https://www.equifax.com.au/privacy
We encourage applications from Indigenous Australians, peoples from culturally diverse
backgrounds and people with disabilities. We are committed to providing a working environment
that values diversity and supports staff to reach their full potential.
If you are an applicant with a disability or other special needs, please contact the Disability Access
Coordinator on (02) 8233 6999 to discuss any requirements that may assist you in your application.
Thank you for your interest in this position.
)"
17,17,"We are looking for an Operational Data Analyst to provide operational data analytics support to our Field teams and across our business, while seated within the Data Analytics Team. This position is responsible for data analysis and the creation and maintenance of reporting dashboards and will work closely with Data Scientists and Analysts in the Data Analytics Team.
About Saluda
Saluda Medical is the pioneer in closed-loop Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS), a ground-breaking SCS therapy that can measure the spinal cord’s response to stimulation and make real-time adjustments to therapy. We are a cutting edge, progressive Australian based Medical Device company with offices and employees based in Europe, Australia, and the U.S We are at the forefront of spinal cord stimulation technologies for the management of chronic pain.
Our team is made up of world-class engineers, clinicians, and seasoned professionals with experience in bringing medical technologies to life.
What we’re looking for
As our experienced Operational Data Analyst, you are driven by passion to use data to improve patient outcomes and drive real world therapy innovation in a commercial environment. Take ownership and responsibility for maintaining the quality of our operational data collection, performing data analysis, and creating and maintaining reporting dashboards in support of our international operation teams. As we go through explosive growth, this is a rare opportunity to support and improve our field operations and to work with R&D teams and Analysts/Data Scientists at the forefront of neuromodulation science and engineering.
Accountabilities and Associated Responsibilities:
Serve as the hub for data requests from our global Field Teams (primarily European and Australian teams).
Ensure integrity of data collection and flow through Saluda by managing and monitoring entry, validation, and analysis of patient device data from a wide range of data sources, including medical devices and clinical studies.
Design, create and maintain up-to-date patient data dashboards, reports and visualisations for Field team case review meetings and external presentations.
Understand, troubleshoot and optimise field issues as required. As applicable, report and track issues to closure.
Work with the data analytics team and software engineering to develop a data management plan and analytics support tools.
Conduct exploratory and statistical analysis on relevant data sources to meet stakeholder needs and improve patient outcomes.
Performs duties in compliance with Saluda Medical’s Management System comprising the company policies regarding health, safety and environmental compliance.
About you:
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated outcome-oriented focus and strong technical skills, balanced with a research background and ability to understand and drive hypothesis-driven analyses with biomedical/neuromodulation data. Have several years of hands-on commercial experience working with data and meeting the needs of a diverse range of stakeholders. You enjoy the prospect of working for a company experiencing rapid growth, and you are comfortable with working in a dynamic changing environment.
Essential Requirements
At minimum, a technical bachelor’s degree in Biomedical Engineering/Biological Sciences/Software/Electrical/Mathematics or related discipline.
2+ years of relevant commercial / industry analytics experience, including statistical hypothesis testing. Additional research experience highly regarded.
Intermediate to advanced Python programming skills, applied in a commercial environment.
Demonstrated experience designing, creating and using data visualisation and dashboarding tools to support data-driven commercial decisions. Power BI experience desirable.
Intermediate database manipulation and development skills, applied in a commercial environment.
Experience collecting and determining design requirements to meet user needs.
Pragmatic ability to produce top quality work under tight deadlines, and to find practical and innovative solutions to complex and ambiguous problems.
Excellent communication and organisation skills that are effective in driving outcomes with diverse international stakeholders. Must have demonstrated ability to present and communicate technical concepts to technical, business, physician and lay audiences.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
This role requires flexible work hours, particularly evening work, to enable meetings with our global field teams in Europe and the United States.
This role may include domestic and/or international travel.
Desirable* Requirements*
Passion for technological innovation, helping patients, and building lasting relationships with end customers.
Strong ability to gather feedback from partnered physicians, prioritise clinical needs, and translate needs into specific clinical systems requirements, architecture, and interface specifications.
A demonstrated ability to work with staff at different levels within investigator sites and an ability to deal sensitively with people from different cultures.
Undergraduate or postgraduate degree with extensive experience of biostatistics.
Experience with cloud-based data platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Experience in medical device design, development and regulatory requirements.
At Saluda, we challenge boundaries. We innovate and think beyond the conventional. We disrupt.
Are you Ready to Join? If you would like to be part of our team developing the world's next generation of implantable device technology, enjoy working with complex systems, and working through challenges knowing your indirectly contributing to making an impact to patient care then this is the opportunity for you! Please APPLY NOW!
Applications will only be considered from candidates who have the appropriate approval to work in Australia, no visa or sponsorship support is available for this role.
Saluda Medical is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to building a team that value the variety of unique experiences , qualities, characteristics, and skills. We believe people are the source of our inspiration and innovation , sharing and learning from each other embracing a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Saluda Medical is a class 3 medical device company; we support the health of our patients, our vendors and our employees. Therefore, we request that all those joining our team are fully vaccinated against Covid-19. Please do let us know if you would have any concerns around providing us with a record of your current vaccination status should you be successful in this role.
All eligible candidates are invited to apply; We respectfully ask for no agency approaches
Location
Artarmon, New South Wales
Department
406 - Therapy Development Support
Employment Type
Full-Time
Minimum Experience
Mid-level
Job Type: Full-time"
18,18,"Description
Location of work-Australian Capital Territory
Length of contract-12 Months ( possible 6 Month Extensions )
Security clearance-Must have current baseline clearance
1. Demonstrated experience analysing and producing data visualisations and analytics tools to allow users to explore data and personalised insights.
2. Represent the department in negotiations to access and agree usage parameters for data sources.
3. Explain methodologies for the representation of data to non-technical audiences in formal and informal settings.
4. Curation, QA and automation of datasets to power online tools and information.
Essential criteria
Demonstrated experience analysing and producing data visualisations and analytics tools to allow users to explore data and personalised insights.-25%
Represent the department in negotiations to access and agree usage parameters for data sources.-25%
Explain methodologies for the representation of data to non-technical audiences in formal and informal settings.-25%
Curation, QA and automation of datasets to power online tools and information.-25%
Desirable criteria
Exposure and demonstrated experience applying data science methodologies to provide informed insights to users.
Email your resume to ramani@inkitsolutions.com.au
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
19,19,"This role’s main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user acceptance testing. To succeed in this role you should have a natural analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users.
Location
Brisbane, Australia or Austin, Texas, USA
Responsibilities
Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.
Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems.
Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings.
Performing requirements analysis.
Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts.
Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
Working closely with clients and team members.
Allocating resources and maintaining cost efficiency.
Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Performing user acceptance testing.
Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures.
Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements.
Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users.
Managing competing resources and priorities.
Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.
Preferred Qualifications
A bachelor’s degree in business or related field or an MBA.
A minimum of 5 years experience in business analysis or a related field.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills.
Fundamental analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
A track record of following through on commitments.
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
Experience leading and developing top performing teams.
A history of leading and supporting successful projects.
Desire to join a startup environment
Why You’re Going to Love Working with One Model (aka, Benefits)
Healthcare Reimbursement Program - Healthy employees are happy employees. Get reimbursed for medical, dental, vision, and/or other qualified healthcare-related expenses. (For US employees)
Unlimited PTO - Relax and recharge with One Model’s generous vacation policy. (For US employees)
Profit Sharing - When One Model wins, the whole team wins. Enjoy monthly bonuses that reflect the company’s successes.
Supportive Team - Join a team that wants to see you succeed! We’ll give you help when you need it, and autonomy to kill it on your own when you don’t.
Awesome Company - Join a team that’s passionate about what we do, work with customers who LOVE the product, and join an industry that’s excited about One Model’s solution!
About One Model
One Model provides a comprehensive suite of people analytics directly from various HR technology platforms to measure all aspects of the employee lifecycle. Use its out-of-the-box integrations, metrics, analytics, and dashboards, or create your own. One Model’s newest tool, One AI, integrates cutting-edge machine learning capabilities into its current platform, equipping HR professionals with readily-accessible, unparalleled insights from their people analytics data."
20,20,"As Novon grows our Business Consulting Practice is continuing to expand and we have another opportunity for an experienced Technical Business Analyst to join our growing on-site team.

To be a part of our expert team we are searching for Business Analysts who have a strong passion for data, problem solving, delivering high quality solutions for our customers. Your first assignment within the Novon team will be working for one of our key customers who have a high profile project to uplift their enterprise data platform from on-prem for their HR Data.

This role will include a focus and drive for data remodelling, working closely with Product Lead, Architects and Engineers to map technical design solutions.

To be successful:

Extensive Business Analysis skills in a Data environment
Experience working on large data/integration projects
Ability to document source data identify issues/inefficiencies in current state
Knowledge of data warehouse and data modelling principles and schema
Work very closely with senior stakeholders to design solutions
Who we are: Novon are a growing consultancy headquartered in Sydney. We are focused on building our expertise around Data, Integration and Business Consultancy and are technology agnostic ensuring that our customers get the best solution for their business. This is an exciting time to join the team, with many opportunities for you to develop outside of your comfort zone and help build a best in class consulting organisation.

Why work at Novon?

Interesting and diverse projects with customers such as large retail, investment and neo banks, transport, and government
Locally based projects for locally based consultants
Meritocracy – you are valued for how good you are and what you do, not your tenure
Regular check points and social events (currently remotely) and monthly team meetings
Value sharing knowledge and helping to build other skills and experience.
Help you grow both technical and consulting skills.
We live our values of Be Innovative, Be Humble, Be Yourself.
To apply to this role please click the link. For other opportunities please check out our careers page at novon.com.au"
21,21,"Initial 6 + 6 month contract to commence in July 2022 paying up to $950/day
Brisbane CBD location with some WFH flexibility

Our client, a newly formed federal government agency, are currently seeking a Business Analyst for an initial 6 + 6 month contract opportunity.

The successful candidate will have a broad range of skills who can work with internal and external stakeholders/vendors to deliver outcomes for people affected by natural disasters Australia. You will be joining a multi-talented and diverse team.

The Business Analyst will:
Conduct consultations with internal and external stakeholders and build stakeholder maps.
Facilitate workshops with key business stakeholders and subject matter experts.
Document business processes (as-is and to-be)
Initial 6 + 6 month contract to commence in July 2022 paying up to $950/day
Brisbane CBD location with some WFH flexibility

Our client, a newly formed federal government agency, are currently seeking a Business Analyst for an initial 6 + 6 month contract opportunity.

The successful candidate will have a broad range of skills who can work with internal and external stakeholders/vendors to deliver outcomes for people affected by natural disasters Australia. You will be joining a multi-talented and diverse team.

The Business Analyst will:
Conduct consultations with internal and external stakeholders and build stakeholder maps.
Facilitate workshops with key business stakeholders and subject matter experts.
Document business processes (as-is and to-be)
Provide guidance and expert advice regarding businesses process design.
Communicate and validate business processes & solutions with business leaders and the user community
Contribute to the efficient and effective analytical support for the Agency assisting it to achieve its objectives with key focus areas
Work collaboratively with the project team to provide advice and assistance on best practice approach to BI tailored to a small Agency.
Develop appropriate processes and governance for data requests, data collections, data survey, report, development, testing and publishing
Essential criteria;
Must be an Australian Citizen as the successful candidate will be required to obtain baseline security clearance
5 years + hands-on Business Analysis experience in an enterprise environment with a focus on data sharing projects.
Strong experience and understanding of business process modelling, mapping, and data modelling.
Significant experience performing requirements analysis using tools, methods and communication techniques to extract, develop, validate and document business requirements.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to negotiate and express ideas logically across all audience levels.
A high-level of motivation and demonstrable ability to solve complex problems and deliver high quality solutions under tight timelines.
To submit your application, in strict confidence, please submit your resume in Word Format using the appropriate link quoting reference No. 214843. Should you require further information please email kristy.coulter@hudson.com

Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence."
22,22,"Job Description:
REQUIREMENT
Must Have strong PL/SQL knowledge
Must have experience about Customer’s stakeholder’s management
Experience with Hadoop Technology stack (HIVE) - Desirable
Experience with multiple architectures/data model patterns for data warehousing/analytics platforms, with an understanding of the pros and cons of each approach, especially as they apply to the strengths and weaknesses of different platforms (eg. HDFS vs Teradata)
Good to have knowledge in SQL Performance tuning
Must have experience in data projects
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Visa Status / Working Rights
Notice Period
Salary Exception
Personal Email
Experience:
Senior Data Technical Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
23,23,"Business Analyst
Grade: Clerk 7/8 (Salary $99,431 - $110,064 per annum + super)
Duration: Ongoing (A talent pool may be created for possible other opportunities)
Location: Gosford or Parramatta (Flexible)
Closing Date: Wednesday, 1 June 2022 (9:59am)
About the Team
The Application and Digital Development Team contributes to the planning, design, and creation of new digital solutions. Our team works on the amendment, verification and testing of new software. We also improve multimedia applications, web parts, and amend integration issues.
Our team is acknowledged for its completion of urgent ministerial projects. We are known to work at a rapid pace to deliver and transform solutions to meet legislative reforms. We leverage technology to improve business efficiencies and processes.
We work collaboratively with many teams across BRD and DCS to deliver our work, for example the successful implementation of the delivery of the Rental Assistance Support Package and Same Day Delivery of alcohol data collection. If you’d like to be part of a modern team creating tools that deliver positive change within the community, read on.
Key responsibilities

Identify and analyse business processes, systems and requirements to document and recommend improvements enhance business operations and performance
Assist in the development, facilitation, coordination and communication of initiatives and strategies applying best practice methodologies to ensure organisational consistency and improved business performance
Liaise with the internal customers and stakeholders to review and monitor effectiveness of tools, systems, methods, and standards to ensure consistency, Human Centred Design elements, customer insights and quality of outcomes
Provide technical support and advice on products and systems to users across multiple locations, platforms and technologies and help build internal capability
Key challenges

Ensuring business improvements and functionality is implemented whilst adhering to required timeframes for the delivery of change management and implementation plans
Negotiating and influencing stakeholders on organisational priorities and deliverables while establishing effective relationships to develop trust and ensure reliable and accurate information
Maintaining up to date knowledge of relevant operational issues, industry trends and opportunities given potentially competing priorities
Would you be successful in this role?

Are you experienced with digital projects and look at a system or process and immediately start to think about how you could make it more efficient or easier to use?
Are you a high-level thinker who enjoys solving problems with and for customers?
This role is in a fast-paced domain. As the successful candidate you must be able to prioritise workload and manage this accordingly. You must have a passion for innovation and delivering exceptional customer experiences
Do you have previous experience working in Agile and rapid development environments?
If you said yes to the above, we want to hear from you.
For enquiries regarding this position please contact Karla Reid on 02 4321 5834
Department of Customer Service (DCS) is transforming the way NSW Government agencies interact with customers. We are passionate about putting the customer at the centre of everything we do and adopting state of the art technologies to make government work better.
Better Regulation Division (BRD) works across a broad portfolio of functions and projects to deliver better regulation in NSW. These regulators include SafeWork NSW and NSW Fair Trading. These regulators are modern, innovative, and collaborative. They promote harm prevention by informing, educating, and engaging with communities and industries. NSW government strives to be the worlds’ most customer centric government.
How to Apply
Your application must include a cover letter of no more than 2 pages and an up-to-date resume (no more than 5 pages) that details your knowledge, skills, and experience in relation to the role description and outline above.
Please note that suitability assessments will be conducted for this role. This involves submitting your application for review, an interview, workplace assessment and reference checks.
A talent pool may be created from this recruitment action for future temporary or ongoing vacancies in roles with similar capability requirements.
About this role
Salary Grade 7/8, with the base salary for this role starting at $99,431 base plus superannuation

Based on our current Work, Health and Safety (WHS) requirements, and in line with our Mandatory Vaccination Policy, it is a condition of engagement for a role within Service NSW/Department of Customer Service that staff be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Successful applicants will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. Any relevant medical circumstances impacting on the ability to obtain a COVID-19 vaccination will be considered. These requirements apply to both internal and external preferred candidates and must be completed prior to commencing in the position. If you have a medical contraindication which may prevent you from complying with this requirement, please contact Bethany.Jones@customerservice.nsw.gov.au to discuss your circumstances.
Closing Date: Wednesday,1 June 2022 (9:59am)
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service, and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Visit our Careers site to find out what it means to work for us.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Flexibility
We are committed to diversity, inclusion, and new ways of working.

The Department of Customer Service serves all the people of NSW and we want to reflect that diversity in our people. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQA+ community, veterans, carers, refugees, people in regional NSW and people of all ages. We strive to be an inclusive workplace where all our people can bring their authentic selves to work without judgement.

We understand that there are different ways of getting the job done and offer flexible working arrangements where and when possible.

If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form or contact the recruiter via Bethany.Jones@customerservice.nsw.gov.au or ."
24,24,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations.

We go beyond strategy and provide end to end implementation of real-life data environments and have some of the best architects, project managers, business analysts, data scientists, big data engineers, developers and consultants in the region.

We are seeking Spatial Analysts familiar with both ESRI Suite of Products and FME (Feature Manipulation Engine) at Senior Consultant level to join our EY Data and Analytics team in our Perth office. This role is offered on a flexible, full-time basis.

Your key responsibilities

Responsible for visualising, transforming, and analysing spatial data with ArcGIS Pro/Desktop, FME and open source software
Responsible for developing batch ingestion and data transformation routines using ETL tools (such as FME Desktop, FME Server, Alteryx etc) or other ingestion techniques
Present data in graphs, charts, tables, etc. and designing and developing relational databases for collecting data
Keep a track of trends, patterns and correlation in case of complex data sets

Skills and attributes for success

Experience with ESRI suite of products (ideally ArcGIS Pro and ArcGIS Online/Enterprise) and other open source GIS software (ideally 3+ years)
Configuration and coordination of FME and other data pipelines across projects
Data pipeline development, including FME Desktop & Server, Azure Data Factory, AWS Kinesis, Spark (ideally 3+ Years)
Data and Reporting Platform development on environments using technologies such as Microsoft Azure, SAP BW, Teradata, PowerBI or Cognos
A strong background in coding with possible experience with Python, JavaScript, SQL or R

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Spatial Analytics, Remote Sensing, Business Intelligence or Big Data projects
Exceptional communication, documentation and presentation skills

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider."
25,25,"Service Management Analyst
Customer Services & Technology Division
Adelaide Based, Full Time position
How will I help?
The Technology Service Desk is the voice of our internal customers and within the Service Enablement team you will be undertaking analysis, to producing insights and recommendations, that will insure there is continuous improvement of our service and increase our performance, having a real impact on our customers’ experience.
In this role you will work across two key areas: Shift Left and Automation Identification. Our Shift left strategy is to identify volume that is currently resolved by upper technical support teams that could be onboarded to be resolved within the Technology Service Desk. While Automation Identification would seek to identify instances of troubleshooting that could be transferred into a One-Click Automated Solution. The identification is the key piece here, you are not expected to also create the automation.
What will I do?
Liaise with stakeholders within the department and across Customer Services & Technology to understand situations and enable problems to be defined with clarity and precision, solicit requirements, and deliver actionable insights and recommendations
Contribute to the capability to determine insights, utilising a range of data sources, and recommendations for shift left and automation opportunities
Contribute to initiatives for Continuous Service Improvement
Perform trend analysis against agreed performance baselines
Contribute to the definition, review and enhancement of methods, tools, policies, and standards to meet the requirements for assigned area of responsibility
What’s in it for me?
Joining Westpac has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Essential:
Experience using predictive modelling to highlight insight and automation opportunities, highly desirable if this experience involves the use of Splunk
Experience applying machine learning techniques, statistical and data mining techniques (regression, statistical tests and proper usage, random forest, clustering, decision tree learning, deep learning text mining etc.) in solving real-life problems, preferably in ITSM domain
Ability to apply your skills and experience to a team early in their data journey.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as part of a team
Ability to communicate with confidence, care and genuine interest. Taking personal responsibility for delighting your customers and building their trust.
Ability to present information, analysis and technical constructs to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired:
Ability to establish productive working relationships with the business and strategic partner colleagues
Completed or in-progress tertiary qualification in Business Intelligence / Data Analytics or similar discipline
Knowledge and experience working with data from ServiceNow
What is it like to work in Westpac?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We’ve developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they’re working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
26,26,"Service Management Analyst
Customer Services & Technology Division
Adelaide Based, Full Time position
How will I help?
The Technology Service Desk is the voice of our internal customers and within the Service Enablement team you will be undertaking analysis, to producing insights and recommendations, that will insure there is continuous improvement of our service and increase our performance, having a real impact on our customers’ experience.
In this role you will work across two key areas: Shift Left and Automation Identification. Our Shift left strategy is to identify volume that is currently resolved by upper technical support teams that could be onboarded to be resolved within the Technology Service Desk. While Automation Identification would seek to identify instances of troubleshooting that could be transferred into a One-Click Automated Solution. The identification is the key piece here, you are not expected to also create the automation.
What will I do?
Liaise with stakeholders within the department and across Customer Services & Technology to understand situations and enable problems to be defined with clarity and precision, solicit requirements, and deliver actionable insights and recommendations
Contribute to the capability to determine insights, utilising a range of data sources, and recommendations for shift left and automation opportunities
Contribute to initiatives for Continuous Service Improvement
Perform trend analysis against agreed performance baselines
Contribute to the definition, review and enhancement of methods, tools, policies, and standards to meet the requirements for assigned area of responsibility
What’s in it for me?
Joining Westpac has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Essential:
Experience using predictive modelling to highlight insight and automation opportunities, highly desirable if this experience involves the use of Splunk
Experience applying machine learning techniques, statistical and data mining techniques (regression, statistical tests and proper usage, random forest, clustering, decision tree learning, deep learning text mining etc.) in solving real-life problems, preferably in ITSM domain
Ability to apply your skills and experience to a team early in their data journey.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as part of a team
Ability to communicate with confidence, care and genuine interest. Taking personal responsibility for delighting your customers and building their trust.
Ability to present information, analysis and technical constructs to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired:
Ability to establish productive working relationships with the business and strategic partner colleagues
Completed or in-progress tertiary qualification in Business Intelligence / Data Analytics or similar discipline
Knowledge and experience working with data from ServiceNow
What is it like to work in Westpac?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We’ve developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they’re working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
27,27,"Key Roles & Responsibilities:
· Work with business stakeholders to determine and document project high level business requirements (BRS) and obtain sign-off
· Work with business stakeholders and SME’s to elaborate requirements and obtain sign-off
· Set acceptance criteria for delivery cards
· Perform and own the data mapping activities
· Support business process design and system analysis
· Support Tech Lead as required on data modelling activities
· Transfer business knowledge to delivery and support teams
· Support Delivery Owner in prioritisation
· Support Developers / Testers / Analysts in delivery and support business stakeholders in UAT
Key Accountabilities:
· Support process of Business context and Requirements gathering
· Undertake technical analysis; define and document business logic; mapping and governance and success criteria
· Attend and contribute to agile ceremonies – Iteration Planning/Stand-up meetings/Retrospectives/Showcases
· Facilitate elaborations sessions; attend and facilitate other workshops as necessary
· Support development and testing team in understanding of requirements
· Contribute to Knowledge Transfer as required during and after delivery of project
· Perform other duties as necessary during delivery of project and as assigned by Project/Iteration manager
· Work collaboratively maintaining ongoing dialogue and relationships with Stakeholders as part of continued solution development and support.
Internal Relationships
· Develop and maintain positive working relationships with business customers.
· Work collaboratively with solution design peers and other technical peers.
· Work collaboratively with other internal areas (other parts of IT) as required.
External Relationships
· Work with external partners/vendors as required
Key Qualifications: (indicate whether mandatory or desired)
· Tertiary qualifications in IT, Business or associated field (Desired)
Key Experience: (minimum type and level of experience required to perform the role)
· Minimum 5 years’ experience in a business/system analyst role (Mandatory)
· Project lifecycle experience (mandatory)
· Track record of working in a fast-paced collaborative cross-functional environment (desired)
· Proficiency in working with distributed teams (desired)
Key Capabilities/Technical Competencies (skills, knowledge, technical or specialist capabilities)
· Ability to analyse customer requirements and provide innovative solutions or alternatives to meet those requirements.
· Strong SQL, Data Analysis and Data Profiling skills
· Familiarity with Data Modelling and Data Warehouse concepts
· A disciplined approach to planning, implementation and project execution
· Excellent presentation and communication skills
· Sound change management skills
· Ability for both ‘technical speak’ and ‘business speak’ and able to translate one to another.
· Business acumen and industry knowledge with a strong understanding of business processes and products
· Knowledge of Business Process Modelling and associated tools.
· Knowledge of a variety of database platforms, e.g. Netezza, Oracle, DB2, etc
· Knowledge of applications support and development
· Ability to cope with pressure, prioritise workloads and meet agreed timeframes
· Good knowledge of Insurance domain (Desired)
· Experience with Cloud applications (Desired)
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 – $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
28,28,"Are you a data entry professional and up for a new challenge? Are you a motivated and enthusiastic individual who is ready to grow their skills? If you said yes to both, you should consider joining us at Canstar!

A rare opportunity has opened up with the Canstar Product Data team and we are looking for a Data Analyst to join us! As a Data Analyst, you are tasked with maintaining, updating and quality controlling the Canstar database which is used by the majority of Australia’s major financial institutions in both the banking, wealth, insurance, telco and energy sectors.

Who is Canstar

Canstar is a leading research agency and Australia’s biggest financial comparison site, comparing more brands than any other. Our purpose is to simplify the world of finance and help consumers confidently find the right product for them. We’ve been working hard on this for some time. In fact, we were one of the original comparison services in Australia having started up in 1992 as a privately-owned financial research agency. Today, we are one of Australia’s fastest growing digital businesses, with 1 in 6 Australians visiting our site each year, and 2 in 3 people recognising the Canstar logo.

We employ more than 150 staff with a diverse range of educational and professional backgrounds. We take pride in the cultural and gender diversity of our staff and our ability to offer our people the opportunity to grow and develop their skills as the company grows too.

What Canstar offers

Supportive and flexible working environment
Birthday leave
Free breakfast and fresh fruit
Employee Assistance Program
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Fun social club and company culture
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
What you will be doing

Maintaining and updating the Canstar database in accordance with assigned product areas within Wealth
Evaluating procedures and policies in regards to the CANSTAR database, with responsibility for maintaining product sectors
Assisting Research Analysts with ensuring databases sufficiently capture market changes and suggest improvements
Contributing actively in all Star Ratings meetings and actions, including instigating and chasing Star Ratings audits to meet deadlines
What you need to bring to the role

Experience within a data entry role
Exceptional attention to detail and a common-sense approach
Solid experience using Microsoft Excel
Experience utilising G Suite/Google Workspace
Ability to work both closely with others and independently as required
Strong interpersonal skills to build both internal and external relationships
What will give you the extra edge

Sound knowledge of Banking, General Insurance, Energy and/or Telco products
Basic SQL knowledge
Ability to adapt to a constantly changing market
How Can You Join The Team

If this sounds like you, and you are up for a fresh challenge with a great company, apply now!

Recruitment Agencies: We politely ask that you refrain from contacting our People & Culture team or hiring managers directly. Canstar does not accept any unsolicited referrals from recruitment or job placement agencies.Supportive and flexible working environment, Health & wellbeing program of benefits, Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you"
29,29,"About Us
Optus, a wholly owned subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) is an Australian leader in integrated telecommunications, delivering cutting-edge communications, information technology and entertainment services. Optus’ vision is to be Australia’s most loved everyday brand with lasting customer relationships, and we’ll achieve this by creating Unique customer connections and by being Digital everywhere, delivered by our Amazing people.


About Living Networks
We are bringing you a whole new level of connectivity – it’s connectivity your way. The Optus Living Network adapts and transforms telecommunications from a set and forget service in the background into a real experience – YOUR experience – that comes alive when and how you want it to. At Optus, customers are the centre of our world – and we want to rock our customers’ worlds. So, we developed a plan to create a network that could bring people closer together, simplify life’s complexities or amp up more of what you love. The Optus Living Network sets the new bar for what telecommunications should be by putting you in command of your connectivity. We’ve tested if giving customer more control over connectivity resonates. We have already introduced some of the Optus Living Network’s early features: Donate your Data, a new way to do good with unused data; Unlimited Data Days, a way to access 24 hours’ of data ‘off the metre’; Game Path, a service that reduces lag and jitter for gamers; and Optus Pause, a unique way to simultaneously pause any or all devices in your household for some quality, tech-free time.


About the Role
The Digital Data Analyst within the Digital Hub is a critical role in the Digital Analytics Chapter within the Tribes within Consumer. The Digital Tribes have been established to allow the rapid development and launch of Optus Digital assets covering all aspects of Optus Digital interactions with customers. The Data Analyst will be a strong proactive contributor to the delivery of squad OKR’s, looking not just at delivery of existing initiatives but also the identification and delivery of new opportunities across all Digital assets. You will engage and collaborate with their key Business Unit stakeholders to understand the key business problems to be solved and the key business metrics they need to impact through business analysis and intelligence, supporting the translation of requirements into analytical tasks. The effective interpretation of business trends, customer behaviours and market dynamics are critical to the success of the company. In order to make these recommendations, the Data Analyst must be proficient in a variety of analytical techniques including data, statistical and commercial analysis as well as be comfortable with digital tracking implementation across different digital assets. The Data Analyst must be able to work with a number of stakeholders through the end-to-end business analysis process from requirements gathering to problem articulation and delivering recommendations back to the business.


Responsibilities will include:
Writing and developing tracking specifications for web and app tracking implementation
Testing web and app tracking implementation against specification and business requirements
Querying customer data, performing analyses, and presenting findings in a clear and understandable language
Building data visualisation dashboards for product reporting and insights
Performing data, statistical and commercial analysis to understand how customer behaviour, product changes and market dynamics impact the Consumer business
Developing recommendations with a clearly articulated, structured argument
Delivering findings back to stakeholders to drive well-informed decision-making
Contributing to the overall chapter delivery of business insights and recommendations to delivery against the Digital Tribe objectives


About You
We are looking for the following skills, experience and attributes:
Tertiary qualifications in a quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Computer Science, Finance, Engineering, Statistics)
SQL &/or R Programming skills
Data presentation skills using Tableau/Microsoft Power BI or other data visualisation tool
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Demonstrated analytical skills developed from experience in similar roles
Must be a proactive self-starter, with the ability to use a high level of initiative"
30,30,"Company Description

Introducing Atomic 212°
Atomic 212° is Australia’s largest independent media agency, with a mission to make marketing Smarter, Faster and Accountable (SFA). Born as a specialist performance media agency and now servicing a full range of integrated marketing solutions, from media to creative, data and technology. Atomic 212° is unique in its performance DNA. We apply this same mindset to every channel to deliver measurable business results.
Join the Atomic 212° Team
Atomic 212° is a place to grow and progress. We seek motivators, leaders and collaborators. We are focused on attracting and retaining those who best encapsulate and align with our unique proposition - Smarter, Faster and Accountable.
We invest in training, technology and innovation in the face of the evolving media landscape. Our teams are integrated and made up of multidisciplinary skill sets. We provide the support to evolve into new territories.
People
We seek those who are passionate, humble and dynamic. People who thrive on big dreams and imagination. Our culture is diverse and fun, underpinned by a world-class team. We embrace values characterised by integrity.
Development
Our personal development program aligns goals to smarter, faster, accountable principles. We invest heavily in learning, career progression and mentorship. We are focused on attracting and retaining the very best. Above all else, we want to ensure you are supported, challenged and happy.
Growth
We have built incredible momentum with over 120 team members nationally and locations across Sydney, Melbourne, Darwin and Brisbane. We are always growing and have a strong client base across tourism, automotive, energy, insurance, retail and more.
Who will you work with?
You will join an agency that values a point of view. Day to day, you will work with all relevant media stakeholders to deliver exceptional campaign planning and results. This role also closely collaborates with specialist media, technology and digital partners.
Our team is all about results and accountability. With industry-leading capabilities across paid search, social and display the team is focused on boosting the performance of client content and amplifying campaigns to maximise business results.


Job Description

Who are we looking for?
An aspiring Data & Analytics graduate who is seeking a dynamic role within an analytical and technical team in a performance agency environment. You will need to have an understanding of internet technology & trends; be able to perform data analysis on web marketing data sets and have an eagerness & aptitude towards technical solutions.
Training will be provided based on knowledge gaps and your existing skill set.

What will your day look like?

Create dashboards, reports and automated reports using Google Sheets and Data Studio and similar tools
Provide actionable Insights & Analysis from generated reports
Assist the Data and Analytics Manager/Director in the preparation of client proposals and delivery of consulting services to meet and surpass client requirements.
Take pride in all work delivered and ensure the presentation and design is impeccable and consistent with Atomic 212° brand guidelines.
Complete Google Analytics Individual Qualification in the first month.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Able to troubleshoot Google Sheets formulas
Hands on experience with Tableau/Data Studio or other visualisation tools (is desirable)
Aptitude to learn coding languages Javascript, Big Query/SQL and Python.


Additional Information

For more information visit Atomic 212°
Please apply with a cover letter and CV to Valeriya Kamenetskaya, People and Culture Manager, outlining why you would like to work with Atomic 212° and what skills you can bring to the agency and this role.
Salary for this position is $47.5K inclusive of super which increases to $50K inclusive of super on completion of probation (3 months)."
31,31,"Employment Type: Temporary Full Time to 30/6/2024 with possibility of an extension depending on funding
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 3
Remuneration: $116,403 - $132,700 pa + super & packaging
Hours Per Week: 38
Requisition ID: REQ308742
Location: Warrawong
Closing Date: 29 May 2022

What you'll be doing
ISLHD recognises that its data is one of its most valuable assets. The need for high quality data is increasingly important, as clinicians and managers use this data to make critical decisions which impact the quality of care and for Activity Based Management (ABM) purposes. The Performance Analyst is a key champion of a strategic approach to performance analysis and benchmarking for activity streams including, but not limited to; acute, non-admitted, sub and non-acute, emergency and surgical. This role provides analytic insights to inform strategic, operational and clinical decision making, particularly related to Activity Based Management.
The Performance Analyst is a driver of local analytics to deliver outcome driven projects in line with the organisation’s strategic priorities, including program evaluation, benchmarking and reporting of clinical and patient reported outcomes.
The Planning, Information and Performance team is the strategic lever in strengthening and accelerating the analytics maturity in ISLHD. The Performance Analyst is a key role in delivering this strategy.


Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District (ISLHD) is committed to equal employment opportunity and embraces diversity and inclusion within its workforce. As such, people from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This includes but is not limited to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People, People with Disability, Women and People from Culturally and Linguistically Diverse backgrounds.
An eligibility list will be created for future temporary and permanent full-time and part-time positions.
Please note: Employment of a temporary visa holder may only occur if no suitable permanent resident or citizen of Australia has been identified for this position following suitable labour market testing.
All NSW Health workers are required to have received two doses of a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine as of 30 November 2021 OR have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status prior to securing this role.
Your claim against the selection criteria is the most important part of your application as it will help determine whether or not you have met the standard of response required by the panel to be eligible for an interview. You should read the Position Description and then address the selection criteria for the role, giving examples where required. Applicants are encouraged to review the following information on Applying for a position within NSW Health at: http://www.health.nsw.gov.au/careers/guide/nswhealth/Pages/apply-for-position.aspx
For further information visit: https://iworkfor.nsw.gov.au/
Selection Criteria:
Relevant tertiary qualification in data analytics, data interpretation, or numerical discipline (statistics, economics, econometrics, etc.) or extensive relevant experience working with health related data sources and data analysis.
Demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytic insights, interpreting strategic priorities to facilitate quality decision making in a clinical or business context.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to tailor communication to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated personal agility and ability to adapt to changing environments with pace and energy.
Extensive experience in using Microsoft Excel; Demonstrable experience in R, python, or a similar syntax. Experience in querying data from an SQL environment. Experience with or detailed understanding of the Health Information Exchange (HIE) or other Health related data repositories would be an advantage.
Demonstrated experience working in multifaceted team environment and ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders to improve performance and outcomes.
Need more information?
1) Click here for the Position Description
2) Find out more about applying for this position
For role related queries or questions contact Anita Graham on Anita.Graham@health.nsw.gov.au"
32,32,"Engineering Services is growing - both in size and reach of plant, equipment and facilities and in our technical and analytical capability.
With a workforce of 100 staff, a property and asset portfolio valued at $2 billion, and an asset base of more than 40,000 assets to track and maintain over their lifecycle, we operate a complex and fast-paced service.
Our services include mechanical, hydraulic, electrical and biomedical systems across 10 sites. We work with over 80 contractors on a regular basis, and 120 more parties on a frequent as-needs basis.
With all of this complexity, we need a business systems analyst on the team who can help us to answer the following questions:
Is there a better way we can do our existing processes?
Are we working efficiently, and doing the work effectively?
Are there processes that work well, that need to be formalised and/or optimised?
Are there any aspects of our work that we can automate?
Do we have the right information, data and reports ready for when decisions need to be made?
Are we meeting our internal customers’ needs, within a timely manner?
How long do our customers have to wait for an outcome, after logging their request?
What aspects of our work, quality and performance can be measured, reported, and improved?
A position has opened up in Engineering Services for an early-career engineer or analyst who can support this workload by providing data analyses, data cleansing, reporting, analytics and dashboards using Power BI and other tools, problem-solving, business analysis and more.
This role will work across all Engineering Services departments to ensure that we are working in a way that is efficient, effective, optimised and data-driven.
This Business Systems Analyst role will also be key to supporting the Asset Management Capability Project, which will bring about a step change in data-driven decision-making about Engineering Services asset.
This analyst role would suit a graduate of Engineering, Mathematics, Science, Information Technology, or any technical field, where an interest in systems analysis is key. Early career business analysts from IT or aspiring data scientists should also apply. As hospitals are amongst the most complex systems in industry, it would be the perfect place to learn how to add value in complexity.
About Us
Our workforce of over 9,000 employees are driven by our values of ‘Compassion, Accountability, Respect, Excellence and Safety’ (CARES). We value our people and provide them the opportunity to grow and develop. Our teams are friendly and supportive, ensuring we deliver a safe, person-centred and connected patient experience.
Western Health is in a period of rapid growth. Our services comprise of four acute public hospitals: Footscray Hospital, Sunshine Hospital (including Joan Kirner Women's and Children's), Williamstown Hospital and Bacchus Marsh & Melton Hospital. We also operate Sunbury Day Hospital, Hazeldean, Grant Lodge Residential Aged Care, as well as community health centres in Melton, Caroline Springs and Bacchus Marsh and a range of community-based services. We care for a diverse community of more than 1 million people with complex care needs ranging from Neonates to Geriatrics.
Our employees enjoy a wide range of benefits such as:
Professional development support
Career advancement opportunities
Salary packaging including novated vehicle leasing
Work-life balance
Western Health is an equal opportunity employer committed to attracting and retaining diversity in our workforce. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
Western Health is committed to providing a safe environment for the children and young people who are involved in our services, sites and operations. We follow and abide by all legislative requirements to keep children and young people safe.
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory Police Record Check, an Immunisation status clearance (including evidence of COVID 19 vaccination) and (if applicable) a Working with Children’s Check.
Western Health do not accept unsolicited resumes/applications from Recruitment Agencies."
33,33,"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a data analytics cloud transformation program
Full-time permanent role based at Mile End - including working from home
Join a great collaborative team with a fun, inclusive and supportive culture


Your new opportunity


This exciting role will have you translate business requirements into technical specifications for business intelligence (BI), designing data store solutions for engineers to implement. Your key tasks will be:


Conduct preliminary analysis with business stakeholders to gather data store requirements, which will support their analytic and reporting needs.
Document the scope of requests for work, to enable high level estimation and planning.
Document detailed analysis of business data store requirements, supporting both functional and non-functional specifications.
Develop detailed solution designs to provide technical specifications for engineers to build data stores for analytics and reporting usage.
Help business stakeholders perform test plans consistent with their requirements and help delivery teams manage changes in scope.


What will set you apart from the rest


At RAA we hire on cultural add first and technical fit second, however, to be successful in this role you will need:


Knowledge of business analysis and data warehouse design in a BI environment
Strong ability to understand business requirements and architectural solutions and translate into technical specifications for development
Understanding of data analysis, data integration and data modelling techniques
Experience working as a data warehouse developer desirable
Proven ability to communicate effectively with people of all levels


What sets us apart from the rest


To ensure our employees feel valued, empowered and celebrated, we provide a range of employee benefits including:


Flexible Work Arrangements including working from home
Free RAA premium road service & discounts on all RAA Products
Ongoing Training & Development Opportunities & Study Support Program
Wellbeing Facilities and Corporate Health Insurance Plan
On-site Cafe with Barista - plus much more!


Who we are -
As one of the state’s largest and most iconic organisations, we’re proud to make things better for members and better for our community. More than 780,000 members choose us to deliver peace of mind through our trusted range of motor, home and travel products and services. We’re also one of the state’s largest employers (and growing!), with more than 1200 employees working collectively with the common goal to keep our members moving."
34,34,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Group Workplace Solutions (GWS) vision to “enable innovation and delivery by allowing our people to connect and collaborate across group with a great experience.” The remit extends to enterprise workplace platforms and systems including client devices, productivity, unified communications, video conferencing, identity, privileged access management, file services and corporate applications. GWS also manage mission critical technical infrastructure for example AD, DHCP and DNS.

What you'll do:
Document Workplace Experience solution offerings, their operational management and release processes
Represent the business through identification of service development opportunities, designing and testing solutions to ensure they deliver the business expectation
Prepare and share standard monthly, weekly and ad-hoc data reporting requirements for Enterprise Technology operational support, consolidating data across various technology systems
Build models and evaluate their impact
Gather and manage the data sets from the business and perform required analysis and reporting.
Maintain the data and data repositories and interfaces as required

What you'll bring:
You will have Professional experience in the Data analytics and preferably in AI/ML
Ability to self-learn new techniques from research papers and textbooks with a keen desire to acquire and share knowledge, we are on a transformation journey and it is vital that knowledge be shared within the wider team
Work together with other Data Analysts, Data Scientists, execs, technical and non-technical people
Vision, drive, diplomacy and the ability to make things happen in an environment of ambiguity, complexity and multiple stakeholders, being able to influence others without direct authority.
Working in a dynamic environment: Enjoys working in an innovative and creative environment. Able to deliver big picture benefits
Experience with a variety of different analytics and AI methodologies, and understand the benefits of each method in the context of supporting business needs
Knowledge of trends in the wider analytics and AI industry and always looking to apply this knowledge in the Sky context

UK&I Technology
Ground-breaking projects. Innovative tech. Top innovation. Join our UK&I Technology team and you’ll work across technology projects that drive our TV, broadband, mobile and Sky Connect services. You’ll be at the heart of delivering the technology roadmaps that support our UK and Ireland businesses, with a focus on customer innovations for Sky Glass. That’s not all. You’ll also design, develop and deliver digital services for millions of customers across the UK.

The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences

Where you'll work:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
We bring the best from the global market into Sky – we buy technology, marketing, corporate, operational services and editorial production solutions. We are an international team working with our stakeholders our partners to curate the most effective and efficient customer-led operating model. High ethical standards are embeded in our team, and we engage our supply chains in creating a sustainable future!
The Rewards:
There’s a reason people can’t stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Where you’ll work:
XXX
Inclusion:
Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!
And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
35,35,"The opportunity
The key focus of this role is to generate customer, commercial and product insights to support the development of customer and go to market strategies for the Health Insurance business, through the application of data and analytics.
The role demands an experienced individual with strong problem solving, data analysis, data preparation and visualisation skills, and an ability to work across a matrix environment with business and technical stakeholders to understand customer and business problems, develop hypothesis and solve for them.
Responsibilities:
Develop insights and recommendations by undertaking data sourcing, data preparation, analysis design and visualisation to support product development, go-to-market plan and customer experience strategies
Work closely with business stakeholders to understand their commercial imperatives and translate into data-driven approaches
Be supportive and proactive in strengthening the technical capabilities of the analytics / performance function
Deepen understanding of the Health Insurance industry and remain abreast of relevant industry, market, competitive and regulatory developments
What’s in it for me?
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will collaborate strongly with colleagues who are committed to delivering exceptional experiences. We trust, respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.
What do I need?
Programming in SQL (required), R, Python and/or SAS
Visualisation tools such as Power BI and Tableau
Experience with Data Bricks, Azure Synapse and Azure Data Lake will be highly regarded
Comfortable using Microsoft PowerPoint and Word to craft presentations based on a defined narrative / storyline and key messages
Possess strong quantitative, analytical and conceptual problem-solving skills
3+ years’ experience in a data and analytics related role
Experience in Health Insurance will be highly regarded
Tertiary qualification in analytics, science, business/economics computer science or related discipline
Full working rights - Permanent resident or citizen of Australia
What is it like to work there?
Be at the heart of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives. At Bupa, we employ more than 80,000 people globally who are making this a reality. One thing stands out about Bupa people -our customers are our passion; they’re at the heart of our culture of care. If you've got the belief, the drive and the talent to help us in our ambition then we’d like to hear from you.
Time Type:
Full time"
36,36,"External Advert Text
Sedgman Pty Limited is a market leader in the design, construction and operation of mineral processing plants for the global resources sector. Our specialised technical expertise, proven track record in Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) delivery and our advanced commercial capabilities enable us to provide complete solutions which are valued by our clients. Sedgman Pty Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMIC Group Limited (ASX:CIM) – one of the world’s leading international contractors and the world’s largest contract miner.

Setting the standard in terms of safety, innovation, technical capability and project delivery we are able to offer outstanding career opportunities with offices throughout Australia and internationally in Canada. The expertise and enthusiasm of our people and professional, friendly atmosphere is paramount to our continued success.

We are seeking a HSE Administrator/Analyst to support to the Global business in their use of group-wide Health & Safety Information Systems.

The role will require but not be limited to:

Reporting to the Senior HSE Advisor, the position will provide support to the HSE team. Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
Support the implementation of key HSSEQ initiatives, and improvement projects
Analysis, interpretation and reporting of HSSEQ performance data for the business.
Proactively provide advice and support to the business in their use of HSE Systems, including the timely resolution of system error/bugs and the actioning of other system requests.
Identification and implementation of system improvements/enhancements including assisting with change management activities.
Collation of qualitative and quantitative HSE data from different sources for analysis.
Identification and analysis of data in order to identify trends/patterns and recommend target areas for improvement. This includes the validation of data to ensure correctness (where required).
Provide advice and support to the broader HSSEQ team on reporting requirements in accordance with internal and external standards.
Collate HSE data for internal and external company reporting
Coordinate administrative support across a range of HSE activities.
Produce documents, reports, correspondence, presentations, and spreadsheet in a timely and accurate manner.
Assist with administration and onboarding of workers and contractors to site confirming minimum site requirements are verified prior to inductions.
What are we looking for?
Experience with HSE documentation including induction bookings, risk assessments, site registers, investigation reports, communication, corrective actions.
High attention to detail and strong interpersonal and communication skills
Strong planning, problem solving and decision-making skills
Intermediate to Advanced MS office skills (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)
Working knowledge of HSE systems and processes
High level of written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Exposure to Enablon and Power BI (desirable)
What we can offer you:
This is a challenging and rewarding opportunity to add value within a growing company that encourages and promotes the safety of our people. You will be dealing with new exciting challenges every day to keep improving on our safety culture. Working in a great team you will be able to apply your experience to a busy and varied role that offers both career and personal growth

How to join our team:
If this sounds like an opportunity you would be interested in,

Please note you will be an Australian citizen or currently hold Permanent Residency (PR) and be able to work lawfully in Australia.

Sedgman is an equal opportunity employer - We support diversity in the workplace and a culture where employees can reach their full potential by feeling respected, included and heard.

We are proud to be recognised as a WORK180 Endorsed Employer for All Women. Follow this link to find out more work180 page: https://au.work180.co/employers/cummins-australia
Work Region
Australia
Working Country
Australia
Work Location
Australia - Brisbane Office
Employment Type
Full-Time
Job Expires
14-Jun-2022"
37,37,"Line of Service
Tax
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
PPM
Management Level
Associate
Job Description & Summary
With PwC, you’ll ignite a meaningful career while being supported by a flexible working culture, innovative learning and development opportunities and progressive policies and benefits, such as 18 weeks paid parental leave for mums, dads and foster carers (no minimum service!)
What will you create?
You’ll help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting our start-up industry, together we build trust in society and solve important problems.
Our Financial Advisory business brings this to life by offering end-to-end technology solutions to help some of our biggest, most iconic and complex Australian and multinational clients streamline operational processes, gain insight and meaning through data and meet global regulatory, compliance and risk management obligations.


As a Technical Business Analyst in our Financial Advisory technology solutions group your impact will be seen by:
Capturing and documenting use case / user stories / business requirements (functional and non-functional) with clear acceptance criteria to the highest quality expected by PwC and our clients
Translating technical business requirements into detailed product design documents for the product owner and solution architect
Developing and managing product and project deliverables, including project documentation, SDLC libraries, product marketing libraries
Working across different technologies, including the latest machine learning and AI based applications


About you


You have a background in documenting, analysing, testing and triaging technical business requirements from end to end in cloud based software applications. You have experience working in agile environments in a large corporation, capturing the use case/user stories/requirements and conducting detailed data and complex traceability mapping that guides senior members to make informed decisions.
You are skilled in IT and Infrastructure, data analytics, are familiar with relational databases concepts and ability to write basic SQL queries, Agile SCRUM methodologies
and have experience working with and leading workshops with senior decision makers.


Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Tax team navigate an increasingly complex tax environment for clients through innovative solutions.
You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.


Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Georgenn Benoza is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experiences high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all.
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
0%
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
Yes
Job Posting End Date"
38,38,"About Woolworths Group
Woolworths Group is a food and everyday needs retailer united by the shared purpose of creating better experiences together for a better tomorrow. With more than 1,400 stores across its Woolworths Supermarkets, Countdown Supermarkets (New Zealand) and BIG W brands, and fast-growing eCommerce businesses, Woolworths Group is Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailer. A top 10 company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Woolworths Group employs more than 180,000 team members and serves more than 20 million customers a week.

Data Analyst - Labour Planning & Forecast

Bring the outside thinking in and lead our stakeholders on the journey
Collaborative, innovative and challenging environment
6 month fixed term contract

About Us

At Woolworths Group, we’re about creating customer and team-first experiences. To enable this, the transformation and simplification of the Labour Standards model are designed to deliver better experiences for our customers & store team members. We work in an agile way so we can be flexible to follow the energy of the organisation and go where the opportunity is needed based on our strategy.

You will be joining a small dedicated & diverse squad of innovative high-performers who rely on collaboration and adaptability within a continuously evolving environment to achieve market-leading outcomes.

We are based in Bella Vista, Sydney in a state of the art office facilities.

About the role

This is a unique opportunity to further your analytical skills to support the transformation and simplification of the Labour Standards model and associated processes. You will be responsible for ensuring data that will be used for labour forecasting is accurate and will assist in developing processes to ensure this accuracy and consistency going forward. Responsibility for developing insights to assist store and management teams to understand the importance of data processes and assisting to drive the data process agenda. This is a varied role where no two days are the same.

Day-to-day responsibilities include (and are not limited to):

Critically analysing complex datasets, including managing data extraction and quality assurance and applying descriptive and inferential statistical analysis to interpret trends and patterns to inform and support workforce management direction and decision making.
Use statistical methods to analyse data and generate useful business reports.
Develop data models and algorithms to provide insights across the business to provide support, guidance and subject matter expertise for activities impacting store operations.
Liaising across the project team to implement data-driven interventions as needed for key events. Assist with bringing data-driven decision making to the fore within Woolworths Labour planning cycles
Work with business stakeholders to understand the underlying source of data and trends and help to design action plans to address where necessary.


About You

You’re currently a strong Business or Data Analyst with exceptional analytical & statistical skills ideally with experience working in a large complex organisation. You are comfortable working with ambiguity, commercially strong & customer focused. Desire to succeed, willingness to roll up your sleeves, being a curious learner and having an agile mindset are paramount.

With your warm and engaging collaborative style, you are able to partner with the business and influence cross-functional stakeholders. You must be proficient in Excel.

You also have:
Strong analytical, and data storytelling skills.
Detailed knowledge and understanding of data management
Ability to develop robust models and tools that visualise complex datasets for senior decision-makers
Self-motivation and ability to work effectively in defining and delivering against individual projects as well as contribute and take accountability on team-based projects.
Ability to work in line with Stores Operations including nights and weekends where required

If you think you have what it takes and want to be part of one of the most exciting journeys in Australian retail, apply now.

As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do. As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference. We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve.

We’re also social! - connect with us at #WOWcareers through LinkedIn #LI, Facebook, Instagram or via www.wowcareers.com.au #work180

Grow with the Group


Woolworths Group has announced it will be requiring Australian team members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (subject to medical and religious exemptions).


As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.


We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage. We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.


As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference.


We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.


We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other.


We’d love to hear from You


If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn or via www.wowcareers.com.au . #LI #work180.


Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
39,39,"Line of Service
Advisory
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
PPM
Management Level
Associate
Job Description & Summary
Creating a meaningful career is important, but so is creating yourself. With us, you’ll have the opportunity to grow, learn new skills and do work that matters. We’ll help you create the career you want so you can tap into your passions, discover new pathways and do more with your degree.
About the Opportunity
You’ll help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting our start-up industry, together we build trust in society and solve important problems. Both Consulting and Integrated Infrastructure (part of our Financial Advisory business) brings this to life by helping clients improve the way they operate, reduce costs, manage risks, leverage talent, or fundamentally change the way they do business. Your work here will help organisations of all shapes and sizes work smarter and grow faster.
About you
You will have a quantitative background with a qualification in mathematics, statistics, business intelligence, engineering or similar. You will need to have excellent analytical and problem solving skills, as well as being able to communicate effectively and impactfully with clients and stakeholders. Proficiency in some of the following toolsets is required – Microsoft Excel, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Alteryx, PowerBI, Qlik, Tableau.
You are agile, people-focused, motivated to succeed, analytically minded and commercially astute. You have strong attention to detail and exceptional standards in quality.
Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Consulting or Integrated Infrastructure teams deliver practical advice that speaks straight to the heart of client business issues and deliver innovative results. You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.
Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Eligibility
You have completed your University degree (single or double) within the past 3 years:
You are an Australian or New Zealand Citizen, an Australian Permanent Resident or have valid work rights in Australia.
Next Steps
We’ll be assessing applications and progressing candidates who meet the program eligibility criteria.
The timing of this will depend on when you apply and complete this part of the recruitment process.
PwC is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as well as visitors to our offices and events.

PwC has introduced a COVID-19 Vaccination policy that requires all staff, contractors, clients and visitors to be fully vaccinated before they can access our offices, attend client sites, undertake work-related travel, or attend work-related events, subject to limited exemptions. For more information: https://www.pwc.com.au/about-us/notices/coronavirus.html
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
Yes
Job Posting End Date"
40,40,"ICT Business Analyst
Location
Australia- Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Perth
Description
We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our customers and product development initiatives in advanced machine learning projects. The ideal candidate is good at working with numbers and has an interest in engineering mathematics, probability and statistics. The candidate should have strong programming skills and is adept at deep learning and statistical machine learning concepts.
The position will be full time.
Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to understand requirements
Define architecture for machine learning projects considering the best case scenarios and trade-offs
Explore research papers to come up with the best models and algorithms that can solve a given problem
Gather, clean, and annotate data for training machine learning models
Build tools to facilitate training data generation and accelerate the annotation process
Build predictive model pipelines based on available research and deploy them
Customize model architectures to suit various problems
Define quantitative metrics and assess the effectiveness and accuracy of models to find the best fit one
Deploy the models in cloud or on-premise infrastructure, and scale the model to achieve the required throughput
creating user and training documentation, and conducting formal training classes
Requirements
Strong programming skills in one or more languages
Experience in designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production in at least one industry domain
Hands on experience in data collection, cleansing, and labelling. Clarity on approaches to minimize manual effort in these, and related best practices
Good knowledge in Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Audio processing and other applications of Deep learning. Handson experience with the state of the art models in any one
Good understanding of engineering mathematics, probability and statistics
Ability to read through latest research papers in required domains and understand the concepts behind model architectures enough to modify them
In-depth knowledge in statistical machine learning. Clear understanding on selection of algorithms suitable for a given problem
Master's degree in Science, Technology, Computer Applications, or Engineering(any) with 1 year of experience in job offered or related occupation
Bachelor's degree in any of the above fields along with 5 years of experience in job offered or related occupation is acceptable in lieu of the Master's degree and one year of experience
Any suitable combination of education, experience, or training is acceptable
Salary - $60-80K (excluding Super)
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $60,000.00 – $80,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift"
41,41,"Company Description

At Toll, we do more than just logistics - we move the businesses that move the world. Our 20,000 team members can help solve any logistics, transport or supply chain challenge – big or small. We have been supporting our customers for more than 130 years. Today, we support more than 20,000 customers worldwide with 500 sites in 25 countries, and a forwarding network spanning 150 countries. We are proudly part of Japan Post — www.tollgroup.com
Global Logistics provides sophisticated supply chain solutions, from end-to-end or part solutions, warehousing and distribution to dedicated transport solutions, across the globe and to some of the most remote corners of the world.
Being a global organisation managing 13,000 fleet and machinery, we need to ensure that all these machines are efficient and safe for use. The Equipment team is responsible for fleet acquisitions, fleet management, international maintenance and continuous improvement so that Toll can continue to provide service quality.


Job Description

New opportunity for a Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst to join our Equipment Division based in Arndell Park, Sydney.
In this role, you will support key business areas in providing commercial analysis and developing reports to unlock key insights on the operational effectiveness for management.
You will assist in the design and development of online reports and dashboards in Power BI, as well maintain existing database infrastructure and the development of new data integration tools.
As the Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst, you will:
Drive and deliver improved operational based reporting, engagement level profitability, operational performance and ad hoc reporting, by creating reports and dashboards in Power BI
Assess previous trends and patterns to ensure data integrity
Identify and develop key methodologies and reports to review the quality of data
Streamline and automate reports
Gather and document requirements
Analyse reports and data to identify insights and provide recommendations


Qualifications

To be successful in this role, you will need:
2 + years’ experience in a similar/Business Intelligence role
Experience with Power BI, SQL Server, data warehousing and MS Office Suite.
Knowledge in Microsoft Power products (Powerapps, Power Automate etc)
Experience in/or possess knowledge of creating highly interactive dashboards in Power BI; Microsoft Office products including Excel; and Web Development on both the front and back end advantageous
Proven ability to work autonomously and as part of a team
Fleet Management / Logistics background highly desirable

Additional Information

Be Connected
With a bold vision and innovative drive, join our 20,000 colleagues as we lead industry change and transform how customers best meet their global supply chain needs in a meaningful and sustainable way. There are countless opportunities to learn and make a real impact in shaping our industry’s future. Grow with diverse challenges amongst a friendly and inclusive global culture. Take pride in building relationships that matter, because being connected is at the centre of what makes Toll great – it’s what makes our possibilities endless.
Toll embraces and celebrates a variety of cultures. We continue to build a business that reflects the values of equality, built on the knowledge and understanding that everyone is welcome including the First Nations Peoples and those of all ages, genders and abilities.
To find out more about us visit www.tollgroup.com/careers
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
42,42,"Date: 13-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Audit and Assurance

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27863

Talent acceleration: Twice a year promotion cycle

Deloitte Experience: We support flexible / hybrid working arrangements

Parental leave: Award winning support for new parents

What will your typical day look like?

Working alongside talented and like-minded professionals, you will be part of high performing teams delivering digitally-enabled audit services of the highest quality to our largest global clients in a diverse range of industry segments. Learning on the job through hands-on coaching, feedback, and development opportunities, you will get exposure to solving technical accounting matters, using data analytics to analyse business drivers & performance as well as team leadership and client relationship building skills. In turn, you will play a critical role as both a coach and mentor for future talent.

In the Global and Middle Market team, you will get exposure to a diverse range of clients and work with some of the largest and best-known global companies and ASX listed companies across a wide range of industries.

Industry segments include:
Consumer: Retail, wholesale, travel and hospitality

Real Estate: REITS, Developers and Fund Managers

TMT: Technology, media and telecommunications

Healthcare and life sciences: Hospital owners and healthcare services

Working with our global teams you will be able to demonstrate your knowledge of controls, SOX related activities and overseeing group audits across our member network.

You will have the opportunity to work with our Technical Accounting and Audit Quality teams as well as specialists in services areas such as Technology and Internal Controls, Tax & Legal, Risk Advisory and Consulting. Beyond this, you will have the opportunity to explore both overseas and internal transfers that broaden and amplify your professional development within the world’s largest professional services firm.

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not explicitly indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
CA qualifications (or similar) with professional services experience

Ability to identify scope and solve problems

Audit experience gained in a Big 4 or mid-tier professional services firm

Experience with finance systems

Experience with PCAOB regulations

Minimum than 2 years of experience in professional services, preferably in external audit"
43,43,"Contact: Daniel Howroyd Email: intelligencevocation@homeaffairs.gov.au
Period of Vacancy: Ongoing
Number of Vacancies: Several


Applications close: Tuesday 31 May 2022 at 11:59pm (midnight) - AEST. Late applications will not be accepted.


Who can apply:
Please note this opportunity is available to current Australian Public Service employees and all eligible members of the community.


About the Department of Home Affairs:
Be part of something bigger: contribute to building a secure Australia that is prosperous, open and united.
Join a connected team of professionals, where you can be your authentic self; grow your career while making time for all parts of your life. Click here to see What we offer

The Department of Home Affairs is responsible for centrally coordinated strategy and policy leadership in relation to domestic national security arrangements, law enforcement, emergency management, counter-terrorism, social cohesion, the protection of our sovereignty, the integrity of our border and the resilience of our national infrastructure.

The Australian Border Force, an operationally independent body within the Department of Home Affairs, is Australia's frontline border law enforcement agency and Australia's customs service. The Australian Border Force's mission is to protect Australia's border and facilitate the legitimate movement of people and goods across it.


Do you want to be at the frontline of protecting Australia’s border and national security?


Do you enjoy solving complex problems, collecting and analysing large data sets to detect threats to the border?


Do you want to work in a collaborative, motivated and dynamic a team of dedicated intelligence professionals?


If you are an inquisitive, analytical person who is interested in a career with global reach, covering a variety of topics across migration, trade and national security or an experience intelligence professional looking for a new challenge, then an Intelligence career with the Department of Home Affairs may be just what you are looking for.


In Home Affairs, the role of Intelligence is broad and can include roles that:
Analyse to assess threats and provide insightful analysis and assessments on key tactical, operational and strategic intelligence issues
Develop, build, test and deploy technical tools, applications and prototype capabilities
Build key relationships with industry, domestic and international partners through information sharing, resource exchanges and education programs to strengthen the security of our border, our region and the globe.



About these roles:
As an Intelligence Professional with the Department of Home Affairs, you will maintain a current and comprehensive intelligence picture across the border continuum and contribute to the Departments mission of protecting Australia’s border and contributing to national security outcomes.

You will be involved in activities that oversee the collection, analysis and assessment of classified and all source information to deliver insightful, predictive analytical products on issues such as counter-terrorism, counter-proliferation, people smuggling, human trafficking, serious and organised crime, and visa and document fraud.

You will work closely with other intelligence professionals, both nationally and internationally, to support the strategic and operational integrity of our border.

The Home Affairs Intelligence Division has a national presence. While a significant number of our roles (about 50%) are located in the ACT, we are able to offer opportunities across a range of domestic locations:
ACT - Canberra Airport
NSW - Sydney Airport and Sydney CBD
VIC - Melbourne CBD
QLD - Brisbane Airport and Cairns
SA - Port Adelaide and Adelaide CBD
NT - Darwin CBD
WA - West Perth and Broome
TAS - Hobart CBD


Our ideal candidate:
Has a collaborative spirit and prioritises diversity in pursuit of innovative solutions
Is passionate about the work of the Department and how intelligence enhances outcomes in support of a secure, prosperous and united Australia
Stands driven to build a working environment that is fair, inclusive and brings out the best in themselves and others
Always curious, digging deeper to expand their understanding and challenge the status-quo
Must be accountable for their actions and behaviours, adhering to the highest levels of integrity and professionalism to support our values and mission.



Our workforce come from diverse backgrounds including arts and sciences, economics, IT, business, finance and data analytics.

Specific duties and responsibilities:
APS 4 employees work under general direction and provide administrative and analytical support to the Division. They work across a variety of issues as determined by internal priority settings.

Role requirements/qualifications:
No experience required!

At Home Affairs, we value a diverse range of skills, knowledge and experience. Our on the job training is as unique as the roles we undertake – join us and learn something new!

Applicant response:
As part of your application, you will be required to prepare a single (A4) page response document (minimum 11pt font in MSWord or PDF format), which you will upload in the next section.

Please ensure you read the instructions carefully, noting failure to address identified requirements may lead to your application being deemed ineligible.

Please prepare a 1 page pitch response:
The Department of Home Affairs’ mission is to ‘work together with the trust of our partners and community to keep Australia safe and secure, and support a cohesive and united Australia open for global engagement’.
In your response please tell us, providing specific example(s), how your skills, knowledge and experience will apply to supporting the Department’s mission and outcomes.

Your written application will be assessed against the following capabilities:
Supports productive working relationships
Displays personal drive and integrity
Achieves Results.


How to apply:
Prior to preparing your response it is recommended you review the Work Level Standards relevant to the classification you are applying to. It may also be useful to refer to the Integrated Leadership System information relevant to the classification. You are required to submit your application in Home Affairs' online recruitment system (ourPeople).



As part of your application you will need to provide:
Your CV
Your Applicant Response document
Details of referees
A copy of your qualification
Include your full name and the Requisition Number - [[id]] in the footer of any documents being uploaded.


Eligibility and Specific Conditions of Employment
To be eligible to work with the Department of Home Affairs you must:
Be an Australian Citizen
Fulfil the Department’s minimum requirements by satisfactorily answering all screening questions during the application process
Obtain and maintain the required AGSVA clearance
Obtain and maintain a current Employment Suitability Clearance
Satisfy a probation period
Undergo a health assessment (if applicable).



To be eligible to work in some roles, you may be required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (including any COVID-19 booster dose to maintain an 'up-to-date' status). Candidates should be aware that in roles where vaccination against COVID-19 is required by public health orders/directions or other legislation, if a candidate is not fully vaccinated or is unwilling to be vaccinated within a reasonable period, they may not be offered that role.


Technical Assistance
If you are experiencing problems submitting your application online, please email the nature of the issues you are experiencing to Recruitment (recruitment@homeaffairs.gov.au) including screen captures if necessary. A response will be sent during business hours.


Notes
Remuneration: The Department offers an attractive remuneration package, including salary, superannuation benefits and flexible working conditions appropriate to the level of the position.
Information about employment in the Department of Home Affairs, and advice on how to apply for vacancies can be obtained from the Department’s website at https://www.homeaffairs.gov.au/about-us/careers
If you have identified as having a disability, please indicate whether you require any support throughout the selection process. For further information please contact Recruitment: recruitment@homeaffairs.gov.au"
44,44,"You are an influential leader with a track record in mentoring, developing and inspiring a high performing team
We are one of the largest and most advanced Data Engineering teams in the country
Together we can build state-of-the-art data solutions that power seamless experiences for millions of customers
See yourself in our team
You will join the Chief Data & Analytics Office (CDAO) team and contribute towards our goal of realising a data-driven enterprise by making it simpler and easier to consume trusted data through enterprise-wide consumption patterns of Modelling, Insights, Reporting and Extracts using the latest tools, techniques and control environment.

We are a division comprised of engineers, business analysts, scrum masters, product and delivery specialists, project managers, service managers and a wide variety of data analysts and data scientists.

Together we will develop the Group’s data consumption strategy, transform production and protection of the enterprise’s data asset and mature data risk management with Data Management 2.0. We also strive to build a leading data and analytics culture, which will enable CBA to be the bank of tomorrow.
This is an Executive Manager level position reporting to the Group Practice Lead Data and Analytics Practice.



Do work that matters
The Chapter Area Lead for Data Technical Business Analysts is responsible for actively supporting the chapter area to develop and maintain the appropriate standards for data delivery:
Lead the team to develop best practice in facilitation of business requirements and technical implementation of data
Develop and coach leaders and individuals to achieve their career goals
Collaborate with Chapter Area leads to drive consistency and align with Group standards
Evolving current state data and analytical process to harness new technology and improve the customer experience
Automating as much of the data process to drive efficiencies of scale across the portfolio


About you
Data analytics – Experience in using data and statistics to manage business performance
Inductive Reasoning Ability – Demonstrates a strong ability to find links and trends amongst multiple and varied forms of information, integrating facts about the customer’s business and the industry they operate within
Negotiation and Influencing Skills – Demonstrates an ability to find solutions that are in the best interest of both the customer and CBA, using advanced questioning techniques. Is able to have difficult conversations with stakeholders that through professionalism will preserve the long-term relationship.
Strong change management and training skills
The ability to analyse trends, identify critical threats and opportunities and diagnose problems and issues
Ability to manage a large and varied stakeholder group
Strong organisational, planning, time management and project management skills
The capacity to work in a busy, commercial, competitive environment and the ability to meet objectives / targets and deliver customer service
Excellent database, SQL and VB skills



What now:
This is a highly rewarding, career minded opportunity that will lead you on to great things. With a supportive management structure and a fantastic work / life balance which offers flexible, full time, part time and job share work arrangements, the CBA will, in return for your skills and passion, offer you a challenging, varied and enjoyable opportunity and the autonomy to shine.
If you live the values and demonstrate the people capabilities, we can offer great opportunities. Whether you want to move across the organisation or up into a leadership role, the way you live the values and demonstrate the people capabilities are key. If you are seeking a new challenge, then please don't delay and apply now.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 19/05/2022"
45,45,"Job Reference Number 22-OHPRDIV-13184
Classification APS Level 6
Job Title Data Analyst (Several Positions)
Division Office of Health Protection and Response Division
Branch Public Health and Surveillance Branch
Section Several
Location Woden, ACT - Hobart, TAS - Brisbane, QLD - Melbourne, VIC -
Adelaide, SA - Sydney, NSW - Perth, WA - Darwin, NT
Status Ongoing
Employment type Full-time
Salary Range $88,439 - $99,772
Security Clearance Baseline (Protected, Highly Protected, Restricted, Confidential)
Desirable Qualifications Qualifications in public health, epidemiology or relevant
experience
Contact Officer Name: Aaliya Ibrahim or Matt Anido
Phone: 02 6289 1463/ 02 6289 3071
Email: Aaliya.ibrahim@health.gov.au


Eligibility
To be eligible for employment with the Department of Health applicants must be an
Australian citizen at the time an offer of employment is made

An applicant’s suitability for employment with Health will also be assessed through a
variety of pre-employment check processes, such as:

Satisfactory completion of an Australian Federal Police criminal history check,
and where relevant a Working with Children and Vulnerable People Check.
Completion of a medical declaration and pre-employment medical (where
required).
Providing evidence of qualifications.

Division Responsibilities
The Office of Health Protection and Response (OHPR) is responsible for protecting the
health of the Australian community through effective national leadership and coordination
and building of appropriate capacity and capability to detect, prevent and respond to
threats to public health and safety.
Branch Responsibilities
The Public Health and Surveillance Branch is responsible for supporting the national
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It provides national leadership, advice, analysis,
coordination, and communication on health protection policy. The Branch undertakes
international and national surveillance and develops evidence-based policy to support a
national response.
Section Responsibilities
Country Risk Assessment Team
The Country Risk Assessment Team is staffed with epidemiologists, public health, policy
officers and other professionals to produce policy advice and evidence-based assessments
of the status of COVID-19 in the international context. The team undertakes regular
monitoring of epidemiological trends and emerging evidence from around the world, to
inform Australia’s domestic and border responses, and provide policy and implementation
advice on a range of related matters.
COVID-19 Surveillance Team
The COVID-19 Surveillance Team is staffed with epidemiologists, data analysts and public
health professionals who provide essential analysis, advice and reporting on the
epidemiology of COVID-19 to inform the national response efforts. The team are also
responsible for the national coordination of surveillance policy and informing response
policies based on the epidemiological situation. The section produces a number of
epidemiological and surveillance products throughout the week, inclusive of weekends, to
inform the current situation and response activities.
Key Responsibilities
Responsibilities may include:
Collation of high quality COVID-19 surveillance data.
Analysing data and providing high-quality epidemiological advice.
Supporting the development and maintenance of surveillance, monitoring and/or
reporting systems.
Providing committee support, including the development of policy papers and other
products, for committees of experts in communicable disease epidemiology and
surveillance.
Supporting the development of high quality and appropriately tailored advice
informing national surveillance policy and public health response measures.
Providing advice to government and other stakeholders in support of national
COVID-19 response efforts.
Key Capabilities
Ability to work under limited direction to complete statistical data analysis,
interpretation and report writing.
Strong analytical, research and problem-solving skills with attention to detail and
ability to identify and concisely communicate key data, concepts and issues.
Highly developed written and oral communication skills, including the ability to
appropriately tailor products for specific audiences and engage with a diverse range
of key stakeholders.
Demonstrated sound judgment and excellent work planning and organisational skills.
Ability to be flexible and resilient under pressure to meet short deadlines and
operate effectively and collegiately in a dynamic work environment.
Desirable Experience
Demonstrated knowledge of communicable disease control and/or international
health systems and policy
Experience in health systems and policy, including communicable disease
epidemiology, surveillance, investigation and/or control.
Experience with data analysis packages such as STATA or R.
Application Response (Single page application)
Your application will be assessed on your ability to demonstrate that you possess, or have
the real potential to develop, the required skills, knowledge, experience and qualifications
to perform the role. These requirements are based on the information provided to you as
part of the job advertisement, in line with the APS Work Level Standards.
Applicants are required to provide a statement of claims framed around the key duties and
key capabilities. Your statement of claims should be no more than one page in total with a
font no smaller than size 10. Applications that do not meet these requirements may not
be considered.
Work Environment Description
Responsibilities – As detailed in Section 28 of the Work Health and Safety Act 2011 while at
work, a worker must:
Take reasonable care for his or her own health and safety
Take reasonable care that his or her acts or omissions do not adversely affect the
health and safety of other persons
Comply, so far as the worker is reasonably able, with any reasonable instruction that
is given by the person conducting the business or undertaking to allow the person to
comply with this Act
Cooperate with any reasonable policy or procedure of the person conducting the
business or undertaking relating to health or safety at the workplace that has been
notified to workers
Complete all WHS related induction and training
Report all work related incidents and/or illnesses to the WHS Section
Description Requirement Additional Information
Administrative
1. Computer Use Yes
2. Generic screen based Yes
3. Sitting at desk Yes
4. Standing for long periods No
Manual Handling
5. Lifting 0-15kg No
6. Lifting 15 kg + No
7. Climbing No
8. Bending No
9. Squatting No
10. Reaching No
11. Push/pull No
12. Sequential Repetitive No
Movements in short period of time
Description Requirement Additional Information
13. Manual dexterity/manipulation No
Work Environment
14. Work with others towards Yes
shared goals in a team environment
15. Works in isolation from other Yes
staff (remote supervision)


16. Distance walking (ie: Large No
building or inter-building transit)


17. Works outdoors No
18.Works in a call centre No
environment
19. Works in a customer service No
environment
Tasks Involving
20. Exposure to chemicals No
21. Exposure to biological hazards No
22. Working at heights No
23. Requirement to wear personal No
protective equipment (PPE)
24. Requirement for full Colour No
vision
25. Work with energetics and No
explosives
26. Exposure to Petrol, Oil, Lubricant No
Products that may cause
dermatological conditions
27. Exposure to extreme No
temperatures
28. Confined spaces No
29. Exposure to Non-ionising No
radiation
Description Requirement Additional Information
30. Excessive Noise No
31. Low Lighting No
32. Dangerous Goods/ Equipment No
33. Exposure to airborne odours No
Travel
34. Frequent travel - Vehicle No
35. Frequent travel - Aeroplane No
36. Frequent travel - Seaborne No
Cyclic Workload
37. Peaks & Troughs Yes
38. Frequent Overtime No
39. Rostered Shift Work No"
46,46,"Data Quality Analyst
Play a key role in uplifting the data quality of our banking product data for regulatory reporting, compliance, and customer service purposes.
As a Data Quality Analyst, you will work with a diverse range of stakeholders and data teams to uplift the current data quality management capabilities and leverage these across banking products in general, with a specific focus on home loans. You will learn detailed processes and be able to critically assess home loan application information to determine reporting attributes in line with regulatory reporting requirements. In addition, you will be able to flexibly update to new reporting guidance and adapt to undertaking reviews for other data quality remediations.
Your day to day activities will include:
undertaking detailed data quality reviews for banking products, particularly home loans
determining accurate reporting information with a high degree of attention to detail
documenting supporting evidence for conclusions reached
arranging source system updates for data quality remediation
communicating progress against weekly volumes of data quality reviews
escalating problems to management and governance teams where necessary
For success in this role, you’ll need to bring:
previous experience in credit approvals, data quality remediation or similar work
the capacity to maintain high output levels over a sustained period
proficiency with using data applications, particularly Excel
an ability to consider multiple sources of information
a high degree of attention to detail
the ability to work flexibly and learn other detailed remediation activities
If you are a driven individual who takes a proactive approach to your work, we want to hear from you. Apply online today.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-963491
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Technology, Operations
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Patrick Lockington
Opening Date: 01/3/2022"
47,47,"POSITION NUMBER
3432
DEPARTMENT
Enterprise Analytics and Data Science
ROLE TYPE
Non-teaching
JOB TYPE
Full time
CONTRACT
Fixed term
LOCATION
Preston
APPLICATIONS CLOSE
19 May 2022
DATA AND BUSINESS ANALYST
Fantastic team dynamic
Work within a challenging and rewarding environment
Full-time, Ongoing position
PACCT 8 ($97,261.94 - $105,951.30)
About the Organisation:
Melbourne Polytechnic Institute offers not only a different way to learn: we also offer a different way to work. We believe in the importance of a good work-life balance and offer a range of benefits to support our staff to achieve their best. We have a flexible and supportive culture and we’re always on the lookout for skilled, motivated individuals to join us.
About the role:
Responsible for working with stakeholders across the organisation to describe and document how the business uses data and to unpack our key measures.
The role is also responsible for partnering with stakeholders to deliver impactful, insightful and well researched data analysis to support the achievement of the Polytechnic’s strategic goals and effective business planning.
To be successful in this role, you will have:
Bachelor Degree or Master’s degree in a field including Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics or similar with a minimum of 3 years’ experience delivering analytic results.
High level proficiency using Microsoft Excel, R and Python for data manipulation, cleansing, analysis and automation.
High level proficiency in querying relational databases (Microsoft SQL Server)
High level proficiency in Power BI or similar visualisation tools.
Experience in consulting with stakeholders in cross-functional teams to enable the delivery of enterprise wide strategic initiatives and prioritized improvement projects.
Want to find out more? Check out the position description and submit your application as soon as you can.
We will be selecting quickly so you don’t want to miss out on this great opportunity.
Applications must address the selection criteria in the Position Description.
Applications will only be considered from candidates that have the appropriate approval to work in Australia.
Melbourne Polytechnic promotes a workplace that actively seeks to include, welcome and value unique contributions of all people.
Melbourne Polytechnic encourages Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, people with disabilities, LGBTIQ+ and from culturally diverse backgrounds to apply for this job, with age being no barrier.


The COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions, made under the Public Health and Wellbeing Act 2008 (Vic) and as amended and replaced from time to time (Directions), affect all persons employed or engaged to perform work by Melbourne Polytechnic.
As such, offers of employment from Melbourne Polytechnic are conditional upon the applicant being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or medically exempt and providing satisfactory evidence of the same.


Position Description
April 2022 Data & Business Analyst"
48,48,"Utilise your prior experience in identifying and communicating data-driven insights as a Data Analytics and Insights Analyst and join our Data Modelling and BI Centre of Excellence.
What impact will you have?
Supported by an established team of data engineers and solution architects, as a data modeler you will design, implement, and document data architecture and data modelling solutions. These solutions support enterprise information management, business intelligence, and other business interests. Key responsibilities will include:
working with finance and business stakeholders, and application/solution teams to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual and logical data models having regards to business and regulatory drivers.
implementing business data requirements through new data strategies and designs across all data platforms (relational (e.g. MS SQL Server), dimensional, and NoSQL (e.g. Cloudera) and data tools (reporting, visualization, and analytics)
defining and governing data modelling and design standards, tools, best practices, risk management and related development for enterprise data models
identifying architecture, infrastructure, and interfaces to data sources, tools supporting automated data loads, security concerns, analytic models, and data visualization
building data and analytics capabilities by partnering with Finance, Business and Technology teams across all aspects of the Information Management life cycle
developing and implementing robust report production processes and oversee handover to aligned operational teams
developing an intimate understanding of the flow of data through the organisation. Interrogate and investigate the Data Warehouse to deliver an improved reporting & analysis toolkit, supporting strategic decision making across the broader organisation
championing the use of enterprise data management and governance frameworks for data and analytics via Collibra
What skills will you use?
You will bring with you three or more years hands on experience in data modelling, data analysis, management reporting or similar roles. You will also possess:
an understanding of data modelling and data warehouse concepts, data architecture principles and the ability to extract and transform data from multiple sources
proficient in using traditional data bases like MS SQL Server or Teradata and data processing
confident user of work flow automation, analytics or visualisation applications such as Alteryx, Power BI or comparable products
exposure to big data architecture and platform solutions tools
Strong academic results and / or professional qualifications.
Our team values diverse points of view, is action-oriented and energetic. We worked flexibly before Covid-19 and even more so now, and we are proud of our mix of locations, levels and backgrounds. We have a flexible approach to working underpinned by the commitment to deliver to a high standard for our Macquarie stakeholders.
If you value flexibility and diversity, have a passion for data with a proven track record of delivering outcomes, we would love to hear from you. Please reach out to Maddy Wilson if you would like to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-962179
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: FMG Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 19/1/2022"
49,49,"Technical Data Architect / Data Analyst contract – 6 months, rolling.
Contact engagement working with a leading enterprise.
We are looking for a more junior technical / data architect or analyst. You will be familiar with data schema, dictionaries, ETL mappings etc.
The Role:
Current state impact analysis - scope: Digital Core program data landscape, assisting the Program & Solution architects
Assist in documenting the current state (on-premises) data landscape. Largely MS data tech stack, plus various ETL tools and Mulesoft integrations.
Analyse data flow/mapping impact due to Digital Core program transitions: replacement of legacy ERP system with 6+ best-of-breed cloud SaaS ERP capability solutions.
o Document current state vs transition state ETL data mapping (logical)
o Document current state vs transition state ODS/DW schema change/gap impacts
Document technical requirements to maintain existing data flows to minimise impact per program transition:
o ETL data mapping – new data sources to transitional ODS/DW schema
o Summary of required ODS/DW schema change & gaps
Data & Analytics Roadmap analysis,
Capture current state data landscape – data flows (ETL) and data stores (schema, dictionaries)
Import & cleanse metadata into the enterprise data catalogue tool (TBD)
Analyse the current state for consolidation opportunities
o Merge duplicate data flows & stores into enterprise data model per data domain
Document roadmap transition proposals to consolidate ETL workflows & data domain stores.
About you: -
Extensive, broad and deep holistic knowledge of multiple technologies and their applications to business problems across technical architectures and technology silos.
Qualifications in technology or relevant professional experience
Exposure to multiple, diverse technical configurations, technologies and processing environment
Sound knowledge of a technical Domain, or experience working with multiple technical domains.
Understanding and knowledge of current technology standards and controls
Ability to work effectively with business and technical roles
Experience of managing the long-term and short-term implications of individual decisions
Motivated and driven by achieving long-term business outcomes
Team player and collaborative
Proven expertise in traditional and agile environments
Experienced in change initiatives associated with technology in business, software development and Solution Architecture design
In-depth understanding of Utility and Corporate and digital environments, products and processes.
Strong knowledge of multiple technologies, platforms, and programming languages
Understanding of non-functional aspects of IT Architecture
Strong problem-solving ability, analytical skills, accuracy and attention to detail
Excellent communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written with experience of presenting to executives.
Technical Data Architect / Data Analyst
Contract - 6 months, rolling.
This role can be located in Western Sydney, Sydney CBD and a Hybrid WFH option.
Job Type: Full-time"
50,50,"Carnival Australia is part of the Carnival Corporation, the worlds' leading cruise holiday company, representing iconic brands including P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Cunard, Carnival Cruise Lines, Holland America Line and Seabourn. It's an exciting time to join the local team, with the resumption of cruising just around the corner!

The Opportunity:
Reporting to the Data and Integration Development Manager, this new position based out of our Chatswood office will implement and maintain robust integrations to support data quality and automation in the Marketing eco-system for campaign execution and analytics.

Key Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:

Responsible for contributing to the development and management of information architecture, contributing to all phases of project delivery including initiating, planning, execution and closure
Interpreting business requirements from a technical point of view to deliver the required solution
assisting with the development of solution alternatives and evaluation of proposed options to support the development of the business cases
Development and implementation of approved solutions and integration into existing architecture
Contributing to second and third level support of solutions including regular rostered 24/7 support.
Out of office support roster rotation
About You:
Aside from your IT, systems and data experience, you will be self-motivated and driven with exceptional stakeholder management skills with the ability to create and maintain effective relationships. A ‘roll your sleeves up and get the job done' work ethic with the ability to be fluid, agile and always seeking ways to improve the system, business and team. Working with a close knit team, your customer focused outlook and extensive development skills will ensure your success in delivering solutions to drive overall business efficiencies.

To be successful in the role, you will have:

Demonstrated 5-10 years' experience in IT including database design and development
Experience integrating and modelling Marketing and Digital platforms to a Data Warehousing implementation
Experience in SQL and stored procedures, performance tuning, monitoring and design
Exposure to Snowflake and SnowSQL - desired
Strong understanding of project management and experience in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle
Experience in python or a similar programmatic language and its usage in ET - desired
Ability to provide out of office hours support when required
Some of the amazing benefits we offer at Carnival Australia:

Offering a hybrid work model. 2 days WFH and 3 days in the Office
Incredible Family & friends discount on travel and on-board product launches
Reward & Recognition – attractive incentive schemes, recognition programs and rewards
A proud inclusive and diverse workplace who celebrate both professional and personal wins
Plenty of parking options or we are across the road from Chatswood train station
Delicious restaurants and cafes to choose from or eat in our amazing lunchroom
At Carnival Australia we pride ourselves on promoting an inclusive and flexible workplace culture where individual differences are valued. We are committed to working with people's strengths and encourage applicants to approach us for any necessary adjustments.
As part of our recruitment process and commitment to safety, suitable candidates will be required to undertake Background Checks which may include a Police Check, skills assessment/ testing and reference checks as part of your application process."
0,0,"Carnival Australia is part of the Carnival Corporation, the worlds' leading cruise holiday company, representing iconic brands including P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Cunard, Carnival Cruise Lines, Holland America Line and Seabourn. It's an exciting time to join the local team, with the resumption of cruising just around the corner!

The Opportunity:
Reporting to the Data and Integration Development Manager, this new position based out of our Chatswood office will implement and maintain robust integrations to support data quality and automation in the Marketing eco-system for campaign execution and analytics.

Key Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:

Responsible for contributing to the development and management of information architecture, contributing to all phases of project delivery including initiating, planning, execution and closure
Interpreting business requirements from a technical point of view to deliver the required solution
assisting with the development of solution alternatives and evaluation of proposed options to support the development of the business cases
Development and implementation of approved solutions and integration into existing architecture
Contributing to second and third level support of solutions including regular rostered 24/7 support.
Out of office support roster rotation
About You:
Aside from your IT, systems and data experience, you will be self-motivated and driven with exceptional stakeholder management skills with the ability to create and maintain effective relationships. A ‘roll your sleeves up and get the job done' work ethic with the ability to be fluid, agile and always seeking ways to improve the system, business and team. Working with a close knit team, your customer focused outlook and extensive development skills will ensure your success in delivering solutions to drive overall business efficiencies.

To be successful in the role, you will have:

Demonstrated 5-10 years' experience in IT including database design and development
Experience integrating and modelling Marketing and Digital platforms to a Data Warehousing implementation
Experience in SQL and stored procedures, performance tuning, monitoring and design
Exposure to Snowflake and SnowSQL - desired
Strong understanding of project management and experience in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle
Experience in python or a similar programmatic language and its usage in ET - desired
Ability to provide out of office hours support when required
Some of the amazing benefits we offer at Carnival Australia:

Offering a hybrid work model. 2 days WFH and 3 days in the Office
Incredible Family & friends discount on travel and on-board product launches
Reward & Recognition – attractive incentive schemes, recognition programs and rewards
A proud inclusive and diverse workplace who celebrate both professional and personal wins
Plenty of parking options or we are across the road from Chatswood train station
Delicious restaurants and cafes to choose from or eat in our amazing lunchroom
At Carnival Australia we pride ourselves on promoting an inclusive and flexible workplace culture where individual differences are valued. We are committed to working with people's strengths and encourage applicants to approach us for any necessary adjustments.
As part of our recruitment process and commitment to safety, suitable candidates will be required to undertake Background Checks which may include a Police Check, skills assessment/ testing and reference checks as part of your application process."
1,1,"About us:
We’re known for being the country’s most popular rewards program, making the everyday worth more for millions of Aussies.
All the things that make working at Flybuys different as usual – these aren't just values we talk about. They’re built into everything we do, every day.
Be part of a company that's always questioned the norm. A business that's well-established, but still expanding. With one eye on the horizon.
And together we can make every day* different as usual.*
The opportunity:
We've already built a pretty amazing team, but we're not looking for more of the same. Our day-to-day is made stronger when we surround ourselves with people who are different, like you.
We work really hard to build teams that support each other. It’s the kind of environment you’ll miss while you’re on holidays.
What you'll be doing:
Capability Development:
Develop key customer insights and recommendations to drive member engagement with Flybuys rewards investment analytics strategy and marketing investment.
Build out bespoke dashboards to provide analysis on the reward store performance.
Work with multiple large data sets, to conduct analysis for our internal teams and partners.
Promote the use of analytics by translating complex mathematical techniques into useful and commercial concepts, with a focus on promoting the value of the flybuys program.
Analytics Strategy and Planning:
Participate in the development of the vision for rewards & redemption data / analytics architecture.
Proactively investigate opportunities in order to create measurable change and deliver measurable value in the rewards space .
Responsible for implementing commercial partner analytical strategy .
Understand market context, competitor capability and customer trends to support CRM / analytics strategies .
Apply analytics best practices and/or standards.
Thought Leadership & Innovation
Socialise analytics trends and best practices .
Source, develop and apply new and existing analytical methods and techniques.
Use of a variety of sources to keep abreast of industry practices.
Ensure key stakeholders are updated, ensuring the commercial impact has been explored / communicated.
Mentor and develop other members of the team to further their understanding and use of analytical techniques.
Stakeholder Management
Cultivate relationships across internal teams and with the partners, at all levels as required.
Clearly articulate the customer opportunity, commercial benefit, analytical findings.
Explain complex analysis to non-technical audience .
Tell and sell the story to stakeholders, visualise and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that provides insights.
To be successful you will have:
Tertiary Qualified in Business, Mathematics or Science discipline.
Analytics professional with a proven track record.
Amazing storytelling skills and the ability to influence and navigate internal and external organisations to build and leverage relationships.
A background in retail would be advantageous.
Experience in clearly articulating commercial benefits of analytics.
Naturally collaborative with a strong emphasis on building and leveraging relationships both internally and externally.
Experience of large, complex data sets
Naturally curious, able to positively challenge existing practices.
Commercially savvy.
Experience of analytical tools – data extraction, data exploration and analysis, data visualisation.
Experience of working within large, complex, cross functional projects
Technical skills including SQL and Power BI/Tableau experience
Experience with Snowflake, Python or R would be advantageous.
We value ways of working that work for everyone, and use our different strengths to make us stronger. We work hard to make sure everyone’s voice is heard and respected equally, regardless of identity, background, position, ability or lifestyle.
So whether you’re an earlybird list maker, a night owl coder, a brainstorm chaser or a PowerPoint proof-reader, we want you to Be You, With Us.
To ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employees and the community in which we operate, Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) has introduced a Vaccination Policy which requires all persons entering a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) workplace, attending a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) work-related event, or entering other premises to undertake work on Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific)’s behalf to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or to hold a valid exemption (and to provide evidence of the same).
It is also a condition of employment that successful applicants provide evidence of compliance with Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) Vaccination Policy and to undergo a National Police Check.
Video
Job Type: Full-time"
2,2,"Cutting - edge, market leading product
Permanent opportunity with market competitive salary
South Wharf modern office location with a subsidised onsite GYM
Do you have passion for technology and delivering solutions to end users?
DCA is offering a rewarding career opportunity for an enthusiastic professional to join our Support Services team as Application Support Analyst. Based in our South Wharf office, this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers. Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience.
Recent graduates with some experience within a software support environment supplying end-user software products to the Australian market are encouraged to apply.
The Role
This role provides an excellent opportunity for the successful applicant to join a team of technology experts in a growing organisation.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa. Work eligibility will be checked as part of the recruitment process.

If you are successful in this role, you will enjoy:

A supportive and friendly team environment;
Stability to develop a your career in a growth focused company; and
A range of benefits as part of our Employee Benefit Program.
A competitive remuneration package is on offer and will be based on the successful candidate's experience, skills and knowledge.

Key responsibilities include:

Provide telephone and email-based technical support (Level 1 and 2) for software and hardware products (mobile bluetooth printers) and engaging assistance from 3rd parties where required.
Action responses and rectification of support incidents within agreed SLAs ensuring customer requests are appropriately prioritised.
Logging all support requests, calls and emails accurately in the designated service desk system (Salesforce) and ensuring cases are updated accurately and promptly to reflect current status.
Escalating cases to the Development team for technically complex cases or requests, whilst maintaining communication with the customer as to the status.
Ensuring maximum availability of production applications by conducting system health checks, providing timely and effective support and necessary remedial action.
The Company
Database Consultants Australia or DCA is an innovative technology provider with a specialist focus on, on-street parking management and infringement processing solutions incorporating:


Infringement issuing technologies, management and processing
Smart mobility sensor technology
Mobile way finding and payment applications
Digital permit technology
Specialist parking officers and intelligent patrol planning methodology
Smart mobility data analytics
What's Next?
To apply, please submit a cover letter and an up-to-date version of your resume to our quoting reference number DCA/1606181DEF by the closing date 1 June 2022.
DCA is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to supporting a working environment of mutual respect, teamwork and trust and a workplace that attracts, develops and retains highly skilled people.
The purpose of this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers.
Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience."
3,3,"12 months plus 12 month option
All States + WFH (hybrid)
Aus Citizens only with ability to obtain a Baseline Security Clearance



The Opportunity:
Our Fed Gov Client is looking for experienced and curious Data Analysts to work in their new Data and Analytics Office (DAO).
Responsibilities include:
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Organising data into usable formats
Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
You will join the Analytics Growth section and engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.
Desirable experience:
Azure solutions for data analytics
Azure DevOps for managing work activities
Power BI experience
Statistical analysis skills
Eligibility:
Applicants must be Australian Citizens who are eligible to obtain a Baseline Security clearance.
Apply Now!
For further information please call our client manager Iain Cameron 0262010100 or one of our Consultants on 0262010100/ 0386139999"
4,4,"Requisition ID
9588
Country
Australia
State/Province
Victoria
City
Melbourne
About Us
Korn Ferry is a global organizational consulting firm. We help clients synchronize strategy and talent to drive superior performance. We work with organizations to design their structures, roles, and responsibilities. We help them hire the right people to bring their strategy to life. And we advise them on how to reward, develop, and motivate their people.
Our 10,000 colleagues serve clients in more than 50 countries. We offer five core solutions:
Organizational Strategy
Assessment and Succession
Talent Acquisition
Leadership Development
Total Rewards
Job description
About the role:
The Reporting and Analytics function sits within our Centre of Excellence and is an extension of our operational team. We strive to provide an exceptional level of service to both our clients and the delivery teams.
We are currently seeking an experienced, professional, and consultative Reporting Analyst to join our team in Melbourne.
This role will see you supporting the business with various reporting functions and insightful information to identify and deliver key analytics to our stakeholders.
About You
You will be naturally curious about data and be a true problem solver. You will have high attention to detail and be able to present your data to key stakeholders and the wider reporting team. You need to be comfortable with asking the right questions to gather the right information and your logical and analytical mindset will provide actionable and meaningful solutions to the problems you strive to solve.
To be successful in this position you will have:
Solid experience within a reporting function
Intermediate experience with Excel; working knowledge of pivot tables, IF statements, and macros
Power BI or Tableau experience
Be able to work in a fast paced, client driven environment
Next Steps:
At Korn Ferry we are passionate about what we do, the value we bring to our clients and the careers we provide our people. We pride ourselves on high quality execution, encourage a culture of ongoing career development and recognise performance and commitment.
Eager to develop your career? Take the first step into your future and apply now!


Korn Ferry is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minority/Female/Disability/ Veteran. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

If you currently work for Korn Ferry or one of our affiliates, you must be eligible to apply for a different position within Korn Ferry to use the Careers Site. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change. Please consult with your HR contact for the new position concerning application eligibility, including any immigration/visa needs, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position."
5,5,"We’ve made it our business to understand how people want to work today, tomorrow and beyond and as you’d expect, we practise what we preach in our own workplace as well.
Investa is one of Australia's largest and most well-known commercial real estate companies, committed to helping workplaces to thrive. We manage and develop office buildings in Australia's major business districts. Buildings designed for the way people work today - and the way we want to work in the future.
We currently have an opportunity for a talented and capable Research Analyst to join our Investment Management / Research team at Investa, reporting to the Head of Research & Strategy.
Your key purpose will be to create a market leading research function for Investa’s Build to Rent (BTR) business (‘Indi’) that facilitates the identification of market opportunities and site acquisitions and supports decision making required to deliver a successful BTR strategy. You will utilise research and evidence-based analytics to influence and support Indi stakeholders with thought leadership and innovative solutions to market challenges.
*
Your major accountabilities will include: *
Creating and leading a robust and credible, value-add BTR research function that adds value to Indi’s BTR strategy.
Working seamlessly with the broader BTR team to ensure Indi becomes Australia’s preeminent BTR brand, platform and portfolio of assets.
Actively challenging current BTR market and Indi’s strategy to influence the Investa leadership team and business decision making process.
Key responsibilities:
Work with the broader BTR team to pro-actively identify market opportunities.
Ensure that a robust, consistent and data-focussed framework and process is established for evaluating potential BTR acquisitions; working closely with the Indi Fund team, Site Originations, Developments and Operations.
Pro-actively utilise data sets to identify market trends that could lead to well-informed BTR site acquisitions.
Source, collate, manage, and drive efficiencies in research data management and analytics.
Learn, adopt and leverage best practice data management practices to deliver quantitative improvements to the analytics and modelling functions.
Contribute to the development of modelling tools and formulas to assist with forecasting and presentation of data-driven insights.
Analyse data and identify leading indicators to validate relationships, assess future trends and provide market insights.
Utilise big data tools and techniques for the purpose of analysing, providing insight and validating market insights.
Engage with key stakeholders to identify priority information gaps and research-driven analytic needs.
Provide qualitative reviews and summaries of relevant research and data to assist with informing internal market views, as appropriate.
Assist in the preparation of Research papers, reports and presentations to internal and external stakeholders.
Ensure all processes are documented, validated & accessible and contribute to process improvement.
Support with preparing market-overviews and research inputs for Investment Committee papers; related to new acquisitions or the broader Indi strategy.
Do you have what it takes to be successful in this role?
Education & Experience
Tertiary qualifications in Business, Commerce, Property Economics or similar is essential.
Demonstrated work experience in a property research, analyst or equivalent role.
Experience in and understanding of complex database management.
Experience and demonstrated competency in analytical writing.
Skills
Team player and self-starter with high initiative and attention to detail.
High level of Excel proficiency, including competency in using complex formulas.
Curiosity and perception. Passion for empirical research and for exploring solutions with data.
Analytical thinking and strong problem-solving skills.
Proven interpersonal and stakeholder engagement skills.
Ability to quickly visualise and clearly outline issues, concepts and solutions.
Knowledge
Residential real estate (essential)
Build to Rent (preferred – but not essential)
Knowledge of residential property markets (development and funds management).
Knowledge of economic/financial markets.
Why join Investa?
Recognised as:
AFR Boss Best Places to Work (Property, Construction, Transport sector) – First Place – 2021
Australian HR Awards – Excellence Award: Best Workplace Flexibility Program
HRD - Employer of Choice 2021
WGEA Employer of Choice 2020 for Gender Equality 2019-21
Australian Business Awards - Employer of Choice 2020
Flexible work options available to all employees
Unique company culture and friendly work environment
Finalists in the 2020 Property Council of Australia/Rider Levett Bucknall Innovation & Excellence Awards for Diversity (< 250 employees) reflecting our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Investment in employee wellbeing, career development and sustainability
Financial and leave assistance for further education
Generous parental leave benefits
Payment of professional membership fees
At Investa, we know flexibility makes us more productive, contributes to health and wellbeing and drives employee engagement outcomes. We know our people have lives outside of work, and we absolutely want everyone to bring their best-selves to work every day. We also know that we want to do what we can to make the work-life blend for you as easy as possible. That’s why we have 21 different types of flexible working options. Everything from Flex Leave to Flex Place, Flex Hours and of course Flex Part-Time. The options are unlimited – talk to us about what works for you, and we’ll do our best to make it work for us too.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent"
6,6,"Cutting - edge, market leading product
Permanent opportunity with market competitive salary
South Wharf modern office location with a subsidised onsite GYM
Do you have passion for technology and delivering solutions to end users?
DCA is offering a rewarding career opportunity for an enthusiastic professional to join our Support Services team as Application Support Analyst. Based in our South Wharf office, this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers. Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience.
Recent graduates with some experience within a software support environment supplying end-user software products to the Australian market are encouraged to apply.
The Role
This role provides an excellent opportunity for the successful applicant to join a team of technology experts in a growing organisation.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa. Work eligibility will be checked as part of the recruitment process.

If you are successful in this role, you will enjoy:

A supportive and friendly team environment;
Stability to develop a your career in a growth focused company; and
A range of benefits as part of our Employee Benefit Program.
A competitive remuneration package is on offer and will be based on the successful candidate's experience, skills and knowledge.

Key responsibilities include:

Provide telephone and email-based technical support (Level 1 and 2) for software and hardware products (mobile bluetooth printers) and engaging assistance from 3rd parties where required.
Action responses and rectification of support incidents within agreed SLAs ensuring customer requests are appropriately prioritised.
Logging all support requests, calls and emails accurately in the designated service desk system (Salesforce) and ensuring cases are updated accurately and promptly to reflect current status.
Escalating cases to the Development team for technically complex cases or requests, whilst maintaining communication with the customer as to the status.
Ensuring maximum availability of production applications by conducting system health checks, providing timely and effective support and necessary remedial action.
The Company
Database Consultants Australia or DCA is an innovative technology provider with a specialist focus on, on-street parking management and infringement processing solutions incorporating:


Infringement issuing technologies, management and processing
Smart mobility sensor technology
Mobile way finding and payment applications
Digital permit technology
Specialist parking officers and intelligent patrol planning methodology
Smart mobility data analytics
What's Next?
To apply, please submit a cover letter and an up-to-date version of your resume to our quoting reference number DCA/1606181DEF by the closing date 1 June 2022.
DCA is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to supporting a working environment of mutual respect, teamwork and trust and a workplace that attracts, develops and retains highly skilled people.
The purpose of this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers.
Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience."
7,7,"12 months plus 12 month option
All States + WFH (hybrid)
Aus Citizens only with ability to obtain a Baseline Security Clearance



The Opportunity:
Our Fed Gov Client is looking for experienced and curious Data Analysts to work in their new Data and Analytics Office (DAO).
Responsibilities include:
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Organising data into usable formats
Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
You will join the Analytics Growth section and engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.
Desirable experience:
Azure solutions for data analytics
Azure DevOps for managing work activities
Power BI experience
Statistical analysis skills
Eligibility:
Applicants must be Australian Citizens who are eligible to obtain a Baseline Security clearance.
Apply Now!
For further information please call our client manager Iain Cameron 0262010100 or one of our Consultants on 0262010100/ 0386139999"
8,8,"Requisition ID
9588
Country
Australia
State/Province
Victoria
City
Melbourne
About Us
Korn Ferry is a global organizational consulting firm. We help clients synchronize strategy and talent to drive superior performance. We work with organizations to design their structures, roles, and responsibilities. We help them hire the right people to bring their strategy to life. And we advise them on how to reward, develop, and motivate their people.
Our 10,000 colleagues serve clients in more than 50 countries. We offer five core solutions:
Organizational Strategy
Assessment and Succession
Talent Acquisition
Leadership Development
Total Rewards
Job description
About the role:
The Reporting and Analytics function sits within our Centre of Excellence and is an extension of our operational team. We strive to provide an exceptional level of service to both our clients and the delivery teams.
We are currently seeking an experienced, professional, and consultative Reporting Analyst to join our team in Melbourne.
This role will see you supporting the business with various reporting functions and insightful information to identify and deliver key analytics to our stakeholders.
About You
You will be naturally curious about data and be a true problem solver. You will have high attention to detail and be able to present your data to key stakeholders and the wider reporting team. You need to be comfortable with asking the right questions to gather the right information and your logical and analytical mindset will provide actionable and meaningful solutions to the problems you strive to solve.
To be successful in this position you will have:
Solid experience within a reporting function
Intermediate experience with Excel; working knowledge of pivot tables, IF statements, and macros
Power BI or Tableau experience
Be able to work in a fast paced, client driven environment
Next Steps:
At Korn Ferry we are passionate about what we do, the value we bring to our clients and the careers we provide our people. We pride ourselves on high quality execution, encourage a culture of ongoing career development and recognise performance and commitment.
Eager to develop your career? Take the first step into your future and apply now!


Korn Ferry is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer - Minority/Female/Disability/ Veteran. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

If you currently work for Korn Ferry or one of our affiliates, you must be eligible to apply for a different position within Korn Ferry to use the Careers Site. If you accept such a position, your benefits programs and Human Resources policies may change. Please consult with your HR contact for the new position concerning application eligibility, including any immigration/visa needs, benefit programs, and HR policies applicable to that position."
9,9,"We’ve made it our business to understand how people want to work today, tomorrow and beyond and as you’d expect, we practise what we preach in our own workplace as well.
Investa is one of Australia's largest and most well-known commercial real estate companies, committed to helping workplaces to thrive. We manage and develop office buildings in Australia's major business districts. Buildings designed for the way people work today - and the way we want to work in the future.
We currently have an opportunity for a talented and capable Research Analyst to join our Investment Management / Research team at Investa, reporting to the Head of Research & Strategy.
Your key purpose will be to create a market leading research function for Investa’s Build to Rent (BTR) business (‘Indi’) that facilitates the identification of market opportunities and site acquisitions and supports decision making required to deliver a successful BTR strategy. You will utilise research and evidence-based analytics to influence and support Indi stakeholders with thought leadership and innovative solutions to market challenges.
*
Your major accountabilities will include: *
Creating and leading a robust and credible, value-add BTR research function that adds value to Indi’s BTR strategy.
Working seamlessly with the broader BTR team to ensure Indi becomes Australia’s preeminent BTR brand, platform and portfolio of assets.
Actively challenging current BTR market and Indi’s strategy to influence the Investa leadership team and business decision making process.
Key responsibilities:
Work with the broader BTR team to pro-actively identify market opportunities.
Ensure that a robust, consistent and data-focussed framework and process is established for evaluating potential BTR acquisitions; working closely with the Indi Fund team, Site Originations, Developments and Operations.
Pro-actively utilise data sets to identify market trends that could lead to well-informed BTR site acquisitions.
Source, collate, manage, and drive efficiencies in research data management and analytics.
Learn, adopt and leverage best practice data management practices to deliver quantitative improvements to the analytics and modelling functions.
Contribute to the development of modelling tools and formulas to assist with forecasting and presentation of data-driven insights.
Analyse data and identify leading indicators to validate relationships, assess future trends and provide market insights.
Utilise big data tools and techniques for the purpose of analysing, providing insight and validating market insights.
Engage with key stakeholders to identify priority information gaps and research-driven analytic needs.
Provide qualitative reviews and summaries of relevant research and data to assist with informing internal market views, as appropriate.
Assist in the preparation of Research papers, reports and presentations to internal and external stakeholders.
Ensure all processes are documented, validated & accessible and contribute to process improvement.
Support with preparing market-overviews and research inputs for Investment Committee papers; related to new acquisitions or the broader Indi strategy.
Do you have what it takes to be successful in this role?
Education & Experience
Tertiary qualifications in Business, Commerce, Property Economics or similar is essential.
Demonstrated work experience in a property research, analyst or equivalent role.
Experience in and understanding of complex database management.
Experience and demonstrated competency in analytical writing.
Skills
Team player and self-starter with high initiative and attention to detail.
High level of Excel proficiency, including competency in using complex formulas.
Curiosity and perception. Passion for empirical research and for exploring solutions with data.
Analytical thinking and strong problem-solving skills.
Proven interpersonal and stakeholder engagement skills.
Ability to quickly visualise and clearly outline issues, concepts and solutions.
Knowledge
Residential real estate (essential)
Build to Rent (preferred – but not essential)
Knowledge of residential property markets (development and funds management).
Knowledge of economic/financial markets.
Why join Investa?
Recognised as:
AFR Boss Best Places to Work (Property, Construction, Transport sector) – First Place – 2021
Australian HR Awards – Excellence Award: Best Workplace Flexibility Program
HRD - Employer of Choice 2021
WGEA Employer of Choice 2020 for Gender Equality 2019-21
Australian Business Awards - Employer of Choice 2020
Flexible work options available to all employees
Unique company culture and friendly work environment
Finalists in the 2020 Property Council of Australia/Rider Levett Bucknall Innovation & Excellence Awards for Diversity (< 250 employees) reflecting our commitment to diversity and inclusion
Investment in employee wellbeing, career development and sustainability
Financial and leave assistance for further education
Generous parental leave benefits
Payment of professional membership fees
At Investa, we know flexibility makes us more productive, contributes to health and wellbeing and drives employee engagement outcomes. We know our people have lives outside of work, and we absolutely want everyone to bring their best-selves to work every day. We also know that we want to do what we can to make the work-life blend for you as easy as possible. That’s why we have 21 different types of flexible working options. Everything from Flex Leave to Flex Place, Flex Hours and of course Flex Part-Time. The options are unlimited – talk to us about what works for you, and we’ll do our best to make it work for us too.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent"
10,10,"GoTech Solutions (GoSol) is an established business in IT Consulting and Staffing solutions. We are seeking multiple full time / contract Developer Programmers to be based in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne for our clients. Candidates are required to have experience in development and testing, and the ability to manage various teams including technical and functional offshore consulting teams for smooth implementation of changes and roll-outs.
These roles are for multiple projects running concurrently in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne. Salary offered will be proportionate to the skills and experience of the candidate and city.
Must have
Research the various courses that are best suited to your interests and future employment aspirations. For example, many Technical Business Analysts start out studying a Bachelor of Computer Science.
Become familiar with computer programming language, for example, acronyms like SAS (Statistical Analysis System), SQL (Structured Query Language), and VB (Visual Basic).
Technical Business Analyst roles usually require experience, so it’s important you absorb as much knowledge as you can while you’re climbing the ladder.
Key Skills
Business Analysis
User Stories
Requirement Gathering
Sign in
Atlassian Jira
Atlassian Confluence
Functional Specifications
API
Workshop Facilitation
Business Processes
Data Analysis
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Salary Expectation
Notice Period
Visa Status/ Working Rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Technical Business Analyst - Finance with Data: 5 years (Preferred)"
11,11,"Web Ref: JA1652022-MULTI
Contract until 30 June 2023 with Possible Extension | Multiple Locations Available | Pay Rate Dependent on Experience
OVERVIEW
Our Federal Government client is currently seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join their team. Within this role you will engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Organising data into usable formats
Assessing data quality and cleaning data
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
Contribute to a collaborative, agile, curious analytic team
Establish productivity systems and processes – providing input into processes and systems (e.g. DevOps and Git) to manage work and share code
Innovative approaches, advocate for, and pioneer, novel approaches to delivering user-focused insights
Contribute experience and preferences to effective ways of delivering analytic projects
EXPERIENCE / REQUIREMENTS
Strong communication skills to engage with the business to understand data requirements and issues
Analysing data to find answers to business questions
Organising and cleansing data into usable formats
Work with ICT and Business Systems teams to define/confirm requirements
Relevant tertiary qualifications (in business analysis, computer science, science) or comparable industry experience
Experience in Azure solutions for data analytics is desirable
Experience in Azure DevOps for managing work activities is desirable
Experience in Power BI is desirable
Experience in Statistical analysis skills is desirable
IMPORTANT TO NOTE
This opportunity is within the Australian Public Service. This is a security assessed position. Applicants must be an Australian citizen, with successful candidate holding or having the ability to obtain a Baseline security clearance and undergo other employment suitability checks.
SOS Recruitment is committed to the principles of workplace diversity and equity in employment and we encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, people with disabilities, women, people with family responsibilities, people with diverse linguistic and cultural backgrounds, religious beliefs and LGBTIQ people."
12,12,"Job no: 974019
Employment type: Full time
Location: Adelaide, SA
Categories: Planning / Scheduling

ASC is Australia’s only established sovereign submarine company. Our team of leading, submarine platform engineers, trades and professionals are committed to the delivery of an agile and potent submarine capability for the Royal Australian Navy.
About the Opportunity:
Workforce Planning Analyst will be supported by the Workforce Planning Team to plan, schedule and support various projects within ASC. They will be involved in making workforce recommendations, influencing key business decisions, and monitoring and assessing capability and capacity of the workforce to execute these programs. The position ensures that ASC has the right workforce information to make data driven resource decisions, and ensure ASC is able to meet its objectives by having the correctly skilled resources available at the right time
This position will be open to candidates from SA & WA.
Responsibilities:
Operating in a complex and diverse environment, this role requires a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness to support ad-hoc requests. Primary focus will be on program strategic planning, however based on requirements you may be asked to build operational plans to execute short to medium term objectives. The role will also involve working closely with key stakeholders to ensure a successful operational delivery of these plans.
The role would also utilise your ability to gain data on and assess current employment market conditions to give ASC insight into available resources for future recruitment campaigns.
This role requires the ability to work to deadlines that are often very tight while ensuring quality outcomes are provided with effective consultation in rapidly changing environments and priorities.
About you:
You are a commercially strong individual who is comfortable working with ambiguity and customer focused. Desire to succeed, willingness to roll up your sleeves, being a curious learner and having an agile mindset are paramount.
With your warm and engaging collaborative style, you are able to partner with the business and influence cross-functional stakeholders.
Desirable competencies and experiences:
Workforce or Data Analysis related Business, Engineering, Finance Degree or Diploma
Desirably at least 5 years or greater experience in Workforce planning or scheduling, however a graduate with the right skills and attitude could be a fit
Ability to effectively explore issues and develop successful solutions
Ability to influence senior internal and external stakeholders
Very good interpersonal communication skills
Previous experience working with and developing reporting and data analytics with a workforce planning focus
Knowledge and experience working in Workforce planning
Advanced Microsoft Excel and database management
Skill in Reporting & Data presentation in Power BI is desirable
Desirable knowledge in R or Python.
Eligibility and Requirements
The successful candidate must provide ASC with a current National Police Clearance prior as well as be eligible for an Australian Defence Security Clearance. Access protected US Defence Technology will be taken into account in assessing an applicant's suitability for this role.
ASC also requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our people. If you are applying for a role at ASC please consider this new requirement when submitting your application. ASC will also adhere to any relevant health directives that may be made that affects our workforce.
About our offer
We offer more than just a challenging and rewarding career. We have put together a range of programs, initiatives and benefits that help empower our employees to reach their personal and professional goals to ensure their career with us is both challenging and rewarding.
Staff training and leadership development programs
Additional 2 weeks of leave
Paid parental leave
Salary sacrificing options
Paid defence reservist leave
Flexible working arrangements
Onsite cafeteria & parking
About ASC
With more than 1,300 employees based at two world-class facilities in South Australia and Western Australia, ASC has the expertise and resources unparalleled within Australia’s defence industry.
At ASC we not only offer challenging and rewarding work on Australia’s Collins Class submarines, we provide programs, initiatives and benefits that ensure our people reach their true potential.
After 35 years building Australia’s submarine industrial base, ASC is now diversifying our business activities, forging new partnerships and initiatives and helping to deliver successful submarine programs in Australia, Europe and North America.
The opportunities are endless, and it has never been a more exciting time to come on board.
ASC is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunities employer that provides an environment that encourages diversity and inclusion in all of its forms.
Advertised: 06 May 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time
Applications close: 06 Jun 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time"
13,13,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

As a Business/Data Analyst, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions, and digging around in the data when needed.
Designing and building reports – capture data requirements for the client and team.
Creating requirements specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating workshop sessions, and using the necessary business analyst tools.

To qualify for the role, you must have

Worked in a similar Business/Data Analyst position for at least 3-5 years with a focus on data management, data governance and data strategy
Ability to understand and identify business rules and processes
Conducted process mapping and requirements gathering workshops with non-technical stakeholders
Working with SQL databases and database querying languages.
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Due to the nature of the client base, you MUST BE an Australian Citizen

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects
Ability to problem-solve and think critically
Technical reconciliation and reporting skills
Some development experience would be advantageous but not essential

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.
We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

#LI-EYAustralia"
14,14,"This is an opportunity for a Manager, Risk Data, Data Governance, to work with a wide range of stakeholders across Macquarie's support businesses to help our Risk Management Group continue to meet its Enterprise Data Management obligations to improve the confidence in the quality of the data.
As a Manager you will be responsible for leading and assessing enterprise critical data usages to capture Critical Data Elements, these will include understanding and documenting end-to-end data flows and system processes and identifying potential data risks and issues and assessing them against their mitigating controls. You will also be responsible for recognising opportunities for enhancements of processes and controls.


A typical day in this role will include
Managing key initiatives in meeting Enterprise Data Management framework implementation
Critical Data Element identification (perform criticality assessment) and approval facilitation.
Business metadata definition and assessment through stakeholder workshops.
Data lineage mapping.
Data Risk and Control identification and assessment.
End-to-End review of implementation and findings.
Data governance advisory (e.g., best practice, data policy compliance).
Identification of data gaps and recommendations for strategic remediation.
Data Governance business overview sessions (e.g., Enterprise Data Management Framework, Principles, Procedure, Metrics and Tools).
Coaching and mentoring members of the Data Governance Team.


What you’ll need to succeed


To be successful in this role you will be an experienced business analyst, ideally relating to Data Governance and possess strong project management and stakeholder engagement skills. Ideally you will have exposure to the financial services industry and have experience with Enterprise Data Management tooling, e.g., Collibra.
Strong business analysis analysis skills with attention to detail.
Strong communication and influencing skills. The ability to build rapport at all levels across the organisation.
The ability to work autonomously, manage stakeholders, and deliver on multiple streams of work simultaneously.
Previous experience in data governance or data management.
Good project management and stakeholder engagement skills.
Relevant business, quantitative or IT related degree qualification.
Enterprise Data Management tooling, e.g., Collibra, Data Profiling and Data Quality solutions, e.g., Informatica IDQ (nice to have)
Experience in Agile delivery (nice to have).
Previous financial services industry experience (nice to have).


If you are interested in this exciting new opportunity, please apply directly via the links provided


About the Risk Management Group
The Risk Management Group (RMG) is an independent, centralised unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Behavioural Risk, Compliance, Credit, Financial Crime Risk, Internal Audit, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk, and RMG Enterprise Support.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: RMG-964188
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Risk Management Group
Division: RMG Enterprise Support
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 31/3/2022"
15,15,"Cyber security is one of the fastest growing priorities across industries, with over half of developers expecting it to become even more important over the next 12-18 months.

Here at Secure Code Warrior (SCW), we’re focused on transforming security and compliance from a check-box on the roadmap to an always-on mindset across the DevOps cycle. Our approach focuses on upskilling developers through gamification of learning and integrating with their preferred tool sets, such as GitLab and Atlassian. With SCW, companies are able to differentiate from their competition, and ship code faster and more securely than ever.

Founded in 2015 out of Australia, we are a truly global remote-first company with employees all across the globe including Australia, America, Belgium, England, Iceland and more. Plus, an exciting list of global brands that we’re proud to include as our customers, such as JP Morgan Chase & Co, Zoom, and Atlassian.

After raising Series B in 2019, from firms such as Goldman Sachs and Cisco Investments, we’re excited to be in the next phase of our growth, focusing on scaling the business to bring secure coding education and developer tools to the world!

Top Employee Benefits:
Global Flexible Work Schedule
Unlimited Paid Time Off (really, we mean it!)
Equity/Share Options
Remote/ Optional Hybrid (Office space available in some locations)
12 Weeks Gender Neutral Parental Leave

US Employees:
Fully Paid Health, Vision, and Dental for Employees and Dependants
401k w/ Match

As the Insights Analyst, you will be responsible for go-to-market team efficiency including marketing, sales and customer success by creating business performance reporting. conducting detailed business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities, solutions for the business.

This position requires a high-energy, multi-tasking operations professional who can work in a fast-paced start-up environment. You will be reporting to the Senior Operations Analyst based in our Sydney HQ and part of our Revenue Operations function.
Key Responsibilities:
Supporting sales forecasting, planning, and budgeting processes used within the sales organisation
Build, maintain & automate weekly/monthly/quarterly reporting
Contribute to the creation of quarterly board report
Interface with marketing, sales and customer success to provide reporting and insights on business performance to enable performance improvements to take place
Interface with Finance to ensure the accuracy of all revenue reporting and interlock on key metrics and results
Regular analysis of the data within CRM and provide actionable insight for senior management.
Skills required:
At least 3 years experience in Data / Insights or Reporting Analytics
Competent with spreadsheets and Operational systems
Great verbal and written communication capability
Ability to positively influence across the business, understanding that every team has many focuses
Excellent organisation skills and time management
Proven analytical capability
Experience in working with Salesforce
You're joining us at an exciting stage in our journey, and are key to our future success. You’ll have the opportunity to create impact, deliver on your ideas, and use your spark; experience and expertise to help us live long and prosper.

Warriors have full flexibility. We appreciate that you’ll do your best work when you’re rested and energized. With our business operating globally, there’s no 9-5 grind at Secure Code Warrior. You’re encouraged to work the days, times and in the way that suits your best. We also offer generous leave and work from home options so you can make work work for you.

We’re a tight-knit team that values humility, diversity, giving back to the community and to each other. Giving back is key to being a Warrior, and we do what we can to make the world a little bit brighter as we work to make it more secure.

Diversity. Inclusion. They’re more than just words for us. They’re the hard-and-fast principles guiding how we build our teams, cultivate leaders and create a company where every single person feels safe and celebrated. We have a global, multicultural following—we want to reflect that inside our walls and ensure people come as they are, we like it that way!"
16,16,"Leeds / UK Remote


Sandstone is now one of Australia’s leading FinTechs delivering innovate software solutions to over 40 financial institutions on a global scale, via offices in Australia, UK, Asia.

From digital banking and digital onboarding to origination and AI-based data analysis, with cloud-based or on-premise deployment, we create flexible, robust, end-to-end solutions using a multi-channel approach that gets our clients to market faster.


The Role
You will be part of a Product team scoping requirements for our lending product. As part of your new role, you will work closely with stakeholders to influence, analyse and document business requirements. You will lead workshops, conduct gap analysis, help with test plans, and manage service introduction and change throughout the project lifecycle.


The Location
The team is currently working remotely, in future can be either office-based or entirely remote working from home. If office-based, we employ a hybrid model with a high degree of flexibility. If entirely remote you will be expected to visit our Leeds office periodically when required depending on project needs.


About You
Ideally a Business Analyst experience within the banking, finance or fintech industries
Good communication skills- working on writing functional designs/specifications and requirements for both internal and external audiences
Ability to lead and facilitate customer project meetings, workshops and discussions with customers
Ability to manage culture change related to improving business practices


About us
At Sandstone, our people are our number one asset and we believe in providing opportunities for our people to develop and grow their careers through our training and development programs, mentoring and on the job coaching. Our employees enjoy a healthy work-life balance with a number of social activities planned throughout the year, (socially distanced these days!) to relax and celebrate successes!

We offer all employees
Challenging high-profile projects delivered into complex environments
Opportunity to work with a talented, market-leading team
Competitive remuneration package and benefits
Covid19: the team is currently working predominantly remotely however, there is an expectation that the team will operate via a mix of office working and home working. You must, therefore, be able to travel to Leeds when required


If you like the sound of this challenge and you are interested in working with us, apply now with your up to date resume!"
17,17,"Classification: Academic Level D or E
Salary package: $149,002 - $194,637 per annum plus 17% superannuation
Term: Full Time, Fixed Term (2 Years)
Part Time may be considered
Opportunity to build and lead a team creating new approaches to the use and analysis of health data
Work on enabling cutting-edge and world-leading research
Access optional salary sacrifice on a range of options, including on-campus childcare
Work on the beautiful ANU campus, within walking distance of the CBD
Position overview
The successful applicant will lead, and help to establish, the ANU’s Health Data Analytics Platform. The Platform is a new initiative aligned to the College of Health and Medicine’s 10-year Strategic Plan (known as TRANSFORM). This position will be the inaugural Head of the Platform. The Platform will build the College’s capability to partner with governments and other entities to realise the potential of large-scale linked data. It will deploy a networked business methodology that leverages College skills and expertise in epidemiology, biostatistics, economics, health services research and complementary ANU engineering and social science disciplines to progress strategic projects of importance to government and relevant to research.
The Platform Head will work with senior ANU academic and professional staff to establish the Platform, which in time will appoint early career academics, analysts, research assistants and support staff. The team will work together to support academic leads to deliver on agreed government and other partner projects that utilise large-scale linked health data.
The Head will be intimately engaged in the planning and establishment of the Platform and will facilitate cross-disciplinary collaboration to address project funder expectations, ensure the effectiveness of the networked business methodology, serve as a key contact for partners and clients and conduct innovative research using large-scale linked health data.
To be successful in the position, the ideal candidate will have strong track record of health research, particularly with a strong data focus, and an entrepreneurial outlook. They will need an excellent understanding of population health and Australian health systems. The successful applicant must be willing to take a team approach to their work and be able to demonstrate that they can work collaboratively with a range of stakeholders in university, government and non-government organisations.


ANU values diversity and inclusion and believes employment opportunities must not be limited by socio-economic background, race, religion or gender.
Application information
In order to apply for this role please make sure that you upload the following documents:
A statement addressing the selection criteria.
A current curriculum vitae (CV) which includes the names and contact details of at least three referees (preferably including a current or previous supervisor). If your CV does not include referees, you can complete these online when prompted in the application form.
Other documents, if required.
Applications which do not address the selection criteria may not be considered for the position.
Please note: The successful candidate will be required to undergo a background check during the recruitment process. An offer of employment is conditional on satisfactory results."
18,18,"Business Analyst - Operations Information
Permanent Role
Sydney Based
How will I help?
The Business Analyst-Operations Information role sits within the Operations I & A’s BI team assisting Group Operations enhance their decision making through innovative analytics and business intelligence products. Success in this role will require strong attention to detail, being both courageous in thought and uncompromising about delivering value to both our business customers and Data Platforms.
The Business Analyst will be adept at navigating business environments, drawing on strategic themes and comfortable demonstrating new concepts to colleagues and customer groups of all levels.
What you will do
Be customer and solution focused, role modelling Our Service Promise. You are our Data Platforms Brand Ambassador, it is expected you will be genuine, transparent and, most of all, authentic.
Understand the challenges that the operational business team face in their day-to-day work, and partner with them to design insightful solutions.
Work with various capability groups across the Data Platforms and Group Operations business to drive the successful delivery of insights and/or implementation of business intelligence and analytics projects.
Engage with business, systems, risk and compliance streams with a shared goal of enabling operational decisions or capability.
Be a key support to the Manager, Business Intelligence, Operations I&A, and the wider Operations I&A team.
Take responsibility for functions owned by the BI team and act as mentor to MI Specialists
Demonstrate leadership qualities in team meetings and other team activities
Lead projects and other large initiatives with minimal supervision
What’s in it for me?
Joining Westpac has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Strong stakeholder engagement, relationship management and customer focus
Excellent written and oral communication skills with an ability to tell stories about data.
Demonstrated experience in presenting data & insights to stakeholders, influencing and promoting adoption of opportunities.
Experience in SQL data warehousing (SSRS, SSIS, SSMS)
Development of interactive data visualisations
Strong business acumen with the ability to deliver results as part of a team.
Thorough understanding of operational business intelligence concepts
General banking industry and financial concepts knowledge (Preferred)
Demonstrated ability to define technical details and document business requirements and analytical methods.
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills.
Exceptional Microsoft Excel skills
Understanding of Microsoft Access databases is preferred but not essential
What is it like to work in Westpac?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We’ve developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they’re working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
19,19,"Arq Group changes the way businesses do business. From award winning mobile apps, cloud and analytical insights, to design thinking and digital marketing. We define, design and create products and solutions that solve problems, big and small. Arq Group are Australia’s leading experts in Digital Solutions.
We create technology. We partner with our clients to solve problems others can't. We do this by hiring the best people out there!

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Analyst - you will provide leadership within the business through your demonstrated, hands on expertise within:

Data Analysis – as a data analyst you will be define or understand requirements for a data project/solution and perform data analysis to translate those requirements in data specifications
The 'Must Have' skills:
Data and Business analysis skills – you will be skilled in understanding requirements from business stakeholders for data projects
SQL skills
Leadership – in the form of leading a stream of work, or playing a formal or informal scrum master or project manager role
Stakeholder management – you will have strong experience in working with stakeholders and being the point of contact for them on pieces of work
The 'Nice to Have' experience.
1+ years of experience in using Data Governance frameworks like DAMA and DMBOK
Experience in leading projects or units of work
Experience in data profiling, data quality or data wrangling software such as Alteryx
Experience in Data Management or Data Catalog tools like Alation, Collibra, Talend Data Catalog or similar tools
Experience on cloud platforms - AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.
Ability to use and query a Data Lake environment
Data modelling skills (e.g. Kimball, Data Vault)
Arq Group is the dynamic space for smart thinkers. We create unforgettable experiences, solve complex challenges, and provide seamless, end-to-end solutions for businesses, big and small…. from design thinking to customer solutions, leading mobile, cloud and analytical insights, digital marketing, to web design. We are Australia’s leading digital partner, powering the growth of businesses, big and small.
At Arq you’ll find a true work-life balance. You’ll be part of a sincere team that’s all about diversity, equality, teamwork and mutual support. Sound like the place for you? Then tell us why you’re the one for us."
20,20,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.


The opportunity
We are looking for a Technical Business Analyst within the Core Consulting, Digital and Emerging Technolgies team.

Your key responsibilities
Demonstrating capability to determine and analyse business requirements then translating them into specifications for technology deliverables.
Ability to work with multiple stakeholders such as business users, Quality Assurance teams, project manager and technical team.
Ability to accurately document business processes and map them to the end state.
Demonstrating knowledge of and experience with business processes, process re-engineering, Agile ways of working and systems development lifecycle.
Act as a critical contributor on project teams of clients and EY consultants, and possibly third parties.
Continuously developing your skills to remain current in the market.
Being a reliable go-to person and working with EY’s key stakeholders to consult to clients about what is happening in the market and helping to solve the issues relevant to them


Skills and attributes for success
3 - 9 years work experience as a Technical Business Analyst
Experience in data and integration projects
Ability to effectively work across all phases of the project lifecycle.
Experience in performing analysis, consulting, and providing recommendations to clients.
Good knowledge of relevant technology concepts (e.g. cloud, databases, Business Intelligence, software development, integration and customer experience platforms.
Strong communication skills, including prioritising, problem-solving and interpersonal relationship building

Ideally, you’ll also have
Strong people and project delivery experience, including working in teams
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
21,21,"About the role:
An extended description of the role is included in the attached Role Statement which should be read in parallel with the Position Description. You are encouraged to ring the contact person for an informal chat about the role.
Family Violence Command was established to lead Victoria Police with a coordinated, streamlined response to this high-profile, critical topic. The Command is responsible for the delivery of high-level projects that will enable Victoria Police to improve police responses to three key themes: sexual offences, child abuse and family violence.
The Intelligence and Data Insights (IDI) team collates, coordinates, and produces strategic intelligence and organisational support products. The team works closely with internal and external stakeholders to identify key intelligence gaps, intervention, and prevention opportunities to best support our front line and organisational and response activities. IDI is a team of 4; three existing intelligence analysts and the newly created Data Analysis and Lineage role advertised here. The role was created to enhance the command's position in being data and evidence led and enhance the data analysis and lineage capabilities. The role reports directly to the Manager and has no direct reports itself.
Victoria Police is a contemporary and agile workplace and supports flexible working arrangements.

Your duties will include:

Understanding the organisational and operational environment enough to be able to contextualise the data and offer pragmatic solutions
Build expertise across multiple data systems both in understanding how they are used by the front end user, as well as the data created and how it can be utilised
Create documentation relating to the data that assists with business continuity and also builds a knowledge repository for data relating to our three key themes
Analyse data both for trends and for quality, and report on findings with confidence
Support overall command goals and business requirements by being flexible in taking on duties that extend beyond data analytics when required
Engage with colleagues and stakeholders with customer service as a focus, and enhance the general data literacy levels in the workplace
As the successful applicant, you will have:

Experience and understanding of data governance, quality, manipulation, and interpretation
Be comfortable with using Excel for data manipulation, cleansing and presentation
Experience with SQL will help in adapting to SAS Enterprise Guide, however transferrable skills from any programming language will be beneficial
Curiosity and passion: The driving force behind new discoveries, curiosity is essential in our approach to data. You will demonstrate a curious and inquisitive approach in following any piece of information in the data that could lead to answering big questions, digging deeper into issues and pulling at the thread, and overall, enjoy tracking the flow of data end to end. Enjoyment and passion toward enhancing data culture is key.
Requirements and relevant information:

One (1) x full-time, ongoing position available.
This position is located at Victoria Police Centre, 311 Spencer Street, Docklands.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
The successful candidate will be required to undergo pre-employment checks which may include fingerprint checks and misconduct screening.
In accordance with the Acting Chief Health Officer's Direction – COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions, you are required to be fully vaccinated (this includes a booster vaccination) and your employment with Victoria Police is subject to proof of vaccination.
Your application must include:

Resume (no more than three pages)
Completed application form – the word document (2. Application form) for you to complete and attach to your submission, is attached to the job advertisement. The application form must not exceed 5 pages.
Applications close midnight, 29 May 2022.
Please Note: All applications will need to be submitted through one of the following platforms; Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE) website, Victorian Government careers website (Careers.vic) or Seek. Applications will not be accepted via other platforms or email.
Current Victorian Government employees must apply via Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE).
For further information, please contact: Gordana on 0428 082 426 or via email idi-recruitment-mgr@police.vic.gov.au.You are encouraged to contact Gordana for an informal chat about the role prior to applying, just keep in mind you will gain more from the conversation if you have read the provided material in advance.
If you have a disability/medical condition and require a copy of this advertisement and attached documentation in an accessible format or would like to discuss an access requirements/reasonable adjustment for the recruitment process, please contact VPS Recruitment via email VPSRECRUITMENT@police.vic.gov.au or on (03) 8335 8081.

About Us:
Victoria Police has a dedicated workforce of more than 22,000 employees consisting of police, protective services officers, police custody officers, and public service staff. Each employee plays a vital role in providing the 24/7, 365 days a year emergency response and public safety capability the organisation delivers to its community. As a Victoria Police employee, you have a dedication and commitment to community safety.
Having a workforce that reflects the community we serve is important to Victoria Police. We want to attract and retain people of all genders, ages, religions, disability, sexual orientation, family and caring responsibilities, and cultures including people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander heritage. If you are interested in a position, we encourage you to apply as we celebrate the benefit that diversity brings to our employees, our services, and our community.
Find out what it is like working as a Victorian Public Servant for Victoria Police: https://www.police.vic.gov.au/vps"
22,22,"Date: 06-May-2022

Location:
Perth, WA, AU

Department: In-Demand Skills

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27651


A dynamic environment which will provide you with the platform to build your career
Training and development - at Deloitte, we believe in investing in our best assets, the people! You will have access to world-class training and funding towards industry and other professional certifications
Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best
Would you like to call Perth home?

We are calling on Risk Analytics Professionals to relocate to Perth, Western Australia. Relocation packages will be considered.

The Risk Analytics practice in Perth is a market leader in risk data and analytics capability across a number of areas including data risk and governance, risk analytics in payroll and conduct remediation, supply chain, safety and analytics in industry sectors such as Healthcare, Resources and Energy, Financial Services and Government and Public Services.

What will your typical day look like?
You will focus on some of the biggest and most complex risks for our clients, working in a team that embodies trust, value and collaboration with skills in data extraction-transformation-loading, analytics methods and tools and visual communications. You will translate business requirements into a technical approach and solutions to deliver insight, including tool selection and application of appropriate modelling techniques.

Your day will also involve:

Designing and building robust analytical models and solutions to deliver actionable insight for business users
Delivering a broad range of descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics engagements in a variety of areas (including supervised and unsupervised machine learning, natural language processing, and optimisation)
Communicating technical findings, models, and insights to different technical and non-technical audiences within the firm and to our clients
Creating comprehensive technical documentation and facilitate knowledge handover to clients, including designing and running end-user training courses
Keeping up-to-date with predictive and prescriptive analytics, new machine learning techniques, technologies, architectures and languages where necessary, and share your knowledge with the rest of the team to facilitate their personal growth and the growth of the practice
About the team
We don’t just work with our clients to manage risk, we help them understand and grab the opportunities it presents too, helping them gain a competitive advantage. Our expertise and industry knowledge runs deep here. At Deloitte, you’ll find yourself working with some of the most inspiring and experienced colleagues and with clients who trust you to lead the way to smart choices, better control frameworks and new systems, including bespoke solutions that have a direct impact on their bottom line.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:

3-5 years’ experience working with the analysis of data from complex data sets and systems
Experience with advanced analytics, business modelling, and optimisation, simulation modelling and statistical techniques
Strong consulting and/or technology implementation experience including the end-to-end project lifecycle (requirements gathering, user story elicitation, model design and built, testing and deployment)
Experience in designing and facilitating interviews and workshops, including requirements gathering
Experience of applying analytics tools and techniques to a variety of complex business problems and an understanding of which approaches are relevant in different scenarios, delivering value
Good understanding of data analysis and modelling concepts including regression modelling, segmentation, time series analysis, simulation modelling, machine learning and predictive modelling
Hands-on experience with a number of data manipulation tools and languages (e.g. SQL, Python, R, Spark, etc.)
Experience in data sourcing, cleansing, preparation and management including ETL processes and tools
Experience in business intelligence and visualisation tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, etc
Exceptional communication, presentation, business writing and professional skills, including being able to liaise with both technical and business contacts at our clients
Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
23,23,"Date: 14-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU

Department: Financial Advisory

Description:
Do you have a dual background or experience across Commerce, Finance and Data Analytics, Business Intelligence or Information Systems? Then our Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) Analytics team is the perfect place to take your career to the next level!

What will your typical day look like?

In response to the growing demand for our M&A analytics service offerings, we are looking to hire problem solvers to join our team in Sydney and Melbourne at Analyst and Senior Analyst level, delivering market leading advice and practical solutions that make a material impact to our clients, our people and society.

Our team are always looking for ways to innovate, embedding data, analytics and insight into our diligence processes through our global leading edge data analytics platform, iDeal, which enables us to provide deeper insights into the businesses involved in any transaction and add value beyond the core due diligence advice.

This role is critical with respect to providing analytically focussed Financial Due Diligence and M&A transaction support to our clients. The ideal candidate for this position will be able to bridge the gap between data analytics, financial analysis and the application of commercial acumen. You will play a pivotal role in delivering these specialised capabilities within our M&A teams:

Develop an understanding of the target businesses and their financial and operational drivers

Perform analysis, interpret, and assess business plans

Develop and communicate findings utilising BI tools to highlight and explain key deal issues

Analyse historical trading. quality of earnings, working capital, and cash flow etc.

Clearly and effectively communicate and insights to both clients and other team members

Manage project timelines and client deliverables effectively while collaborating extensively with clients and other Deloitte teams

Liaise with data science and data architecture teams to optimise client data for analysis

Enough about us, let's talk about you.

You will ideally have:
Completed an undergraduate degree in Finance, Accounting, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or Engineering with outstanding academic credentials

1+ year of experience in a Finance/Commerce role with exposure to Business Insight tools - this is provided as a guide only, please don't let it limit you if you think you have something to add to our team

Working knowledge of financial statement analysis (CPA-CA/CFA an asset)

Ability to ETL data to facilitate analysis, strong knowledge of SSIS, SQL, Tableau, Power BI and other BI tools

Proven analytical skills and systematic problem solving in addition to ability to manage analyse and present findings from large volumes of data

Ability to develop and present new ideas and conceptualise new approaches and solutions

Good communication skills that allow you to present insights and findings back to the clients or other Deloitte teams

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive."
24,24,"3 year day rate contract opportunity
prominent federal govt agency committed to innovation & creativity
Fully remote opportunity, Baseline Clearance provided

Our client, a prominent federal government agency committed to innovation, knowledge and creativity, is looking for a talented data analyst to work on a portfolio of projects geared to the enhancement of a data management & analytics platform in order to achieve better data warehousing, reporting, data analysis & transactional data storage.

3 year day rate contract opportunity
prominent federal govt agency committed to innovation & creativity
Fully remote opportunity, Baseline Clearance provided
The data analyst will be responsible for the following:

The review and analysis of datasets
The preparation of current state analysis
The use of excel formulas and manipulation to store and analyse data
The development of and contribution to ongoing project reporting requirements
The performance of qualitative and quantitative analysis within the design process
The development and maintenance of relevant design and project documentation
The oversight and validation of data and reports
The implementation of recommended practices to ensure data compliance and standards of information management in collaboration with the platform team
The data analyst will ideally have most of the following skills, knowledge and experience:

Experience and good working knowledge in the research and analysis of datasets
Experience using and working with Microsoft Excel to analyse data and collate findings
Proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders including working collaboratively as part of an agile, multidisciplinary team
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience in developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogs, source to target mappings, use cases and conceptual data models
Experience with Agile methodologies
Experience with Microsoft Power BI
Experience with delivering solutions using a data warehouse platform and processes
This is an awesome, long-term, lucrative contract opportunity for a data analyst who wants to join an organisation committed to furthering innovation and creativity in Australia.

Please apply now for immediate consideration or reach out to Will Wetherall for more information on 0466 528 650 or will.wetherall@latitudeit.com.au"
25,25,"Supportive and flexible working environment
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
Are you a data entry professional and up for a new challenge? Are you a motivated and enthusiastic individual who is ready to grow their skills? If you said yes to both, you should consider joining us at Canstar!
A rare opportunity has opened up with the Canstar Product Data team and we are looking for a Product Data Analyst to join us! As a Product Data Analyst, you are tasked with maintaining, updating and quality controlling the Canstar database which is used by the majority of Australia’s major financial institutions in both the banking, wealth, insurance, telco and energy sectors.
Who is Canstar
Canstar is a leading research agency and Australia’s biggest financial comparison site, comparing more brands than any other. Our purpose is to simplify the world of finance and help consumers confidently find the right product for them. We’ve been working hard on this for some time. In fact, we were one of the original comparison services in Australia having started up in 1992 as a privately-owned financial research agency. Today, we are one of Australia’s fastest growing digital businesses, with 1 in 6 Australians visiting our site each year, and 2 in 3 people recognising the Canstar logo.
We employ more than 150 staff with a diverse range of educational and professional backgrounds. We take pride in the cultural and gender diversity of our staff and our ability to offer our people the opportunity to grow and develop their skills as the company grows too.
What Canstar offers
Supportive and flexible working environment
Birthday leave
Free breakfast and fresh fruit
Employee Assistance Program
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Fun social club and company culture
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
What you will be doing
Maintaining and updating the Canstar database in accordance with assigned product areas within Wealth
Evaluating procedures and policies in regards to the CANSTAR database, with responsibility for maintaining product sectors
Assisting Research Analysts with ensuring databases sufficiently capture market changes and suggest improvements
Contributing actively in all Star Ratings meetings and actions, including instigating and chasing Star Ratings audits to meet deadlines
What you need to bring to the role
Experience within a data entry role
Exceptional attention to detail and a common-sense approach
Solid experience using Microsoft Excel
Experience utilising G Suite/Google Workspace
Ability to work both closely with others and independently as required
Strong interpersonal skills to build both internal and external relationships
What will give you the extra edge
Sound knowledge of Banking, General Insurance, Energy and/or Telco products
Basic SQL knowledge
Ability to adapt to a constantly changing market
How Can You Join The Team
If this sounds like you, and you are up for a fresh challenge with a great company, apply now!
Recruitment Agencies: We politely ask that you refrain from contacting our People & Culture team or hiring managers directly. Canstar does not accept any unsolicited referrals from recruitment or job placement agencies.
Job Type: Full-time"
26,26,"Security Operations 24/7 roster
Satalyst is seeking entry level or graduate Cyber Security Analyst for four (4) positions currently available. Candidates will need to be able to work within a Security Operations 24/7 roster, with an opportunity to kick start their cyber security career with our team of experience and skilled IT professionals.
Satalyst is a leading Microsoft partner and part of Canon Business Services ANZ (CBS), which is the cloud, IT services and business process automation company within the Canon Group. Satalyst specialises in Microsoft cloud solutions, data analytics, cyber security and business productivity tools and services. Our services cover the full customer life cycle including consulting and advisory, software development and delivery, cloud infrastructure, cloud subscriptions, ongoing technical support and optimisation services.
The Role
A fantastic opportunity for a recent graduate wanting to fast track their Cyber Forensics & SecOps career in one of the best Microsoft security teams in Australia.
You will work in a fast-growing team providing SecOps services to help customers detect, prevent and eliminate cyber security incidents.
If you have a fantastic self-driven/customer-driven attitude and keen to broaden your skill set and put your career on the pathway to Cyber Forensics or Threat Intelligence, this role could be for you!
Key Duties of the Role will include:
Monitoring Azure Sentinel for Incidents.
Advanced Threat Hunting for Cyber Security threats.
Working autonomously or in a small team helping Australian companies keep their environments secure.
Work towards a GIAC Cyber Threat Intelligence (GCTI) certification.
Ability to work a 24/7 Roster required.
What We Want
Essential
Recent Cyber Security Graduates or 1+ years’ experience in a role with a Security Focus.
A passion for Cyber Security.
Highly desirable
Participated in Cyber Security Events, Hackathons or CTFs
A tertiary qualification and/or industry security certifications
Soft skills
“CAN-DO” attitude
A good level of business awareness and commercial acumen
Strong communication and relationship building skills with both internal teams and external customers
Creative and tenacious problem solver, who will think beyond the status quo and will own issues until full resolution
High energy level coupled with a desire to take on responsibility
Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritise work to maintain required productivity levels
Ability to work autonomously
The Offer
We are a small, welcoming, and connected ‘family’ with a personal approach. In addition to a professional work environment and a competitive salary and benefits, working with Satalyst can give you:
A supportive and approachable management team that you’ll work with every day
Opportunity to work in smaller teams, therefore the ability to be involved in a wider range of activities
A great opportunity to work creatively with emerging technologies and to evolve the way of working with contemporary methodologies and practices
We provide ongoing support and development for your training and future career growth
We value growth mindsets as well as technical capabilities
We provide flexible working arrangements, including working from home
If you believe you have the right skills and more importantly the right character, attitude and spirit to thrive in the Satalyst environment, then send your cover letter and CV to jobs@satalyst.com
We look forward to hearing from you!
Notice to Recruitment Agencies
Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Satalyst are considered the property of Satalyst and are not subject to payment of agency fees. In order to be an authorised recruitment agency/search firm for Satalyst, any such agency must have an existing formal written agreement signed by an authorised Satalyst recruiter and an active working relationship with the organisation. Resumes must be submitted according to our candidate submission process, which includes being actively engaged on the particular search. Likewise, for our authorised recruitment agencies/search firms, if the candidate submission process is not followed, no agency fees will be paid by Satalyst."
27,27,"In this 10-week (or 6-day accelerated) course, students learn and practice turning messy real-world datasets into actionable, data-driven insights they can communicate, using Excel, SQL and Tableau as the primary tools for analysis.
We are looking for an experienced data analyst to lead this transformative experience as instructor for General Assembly's part-time Data Analytics course.
Skills and Qualifications
You are eager to shape the skills, minds, and trajectories of the newest generation of data analysts.
You are the person that your colleagues naturally gravitate to when they are trying to figure something out.
You have at least 5 years of industry experience with data analytics.
You have fluency with Excel, SQL and Tableau, and in your role you've been responsible for cleaning messy data, analyzing the data and presenting your data based insights.
Essential Responsibilities and Duties
Teach 2 hours per evening, 2 days a week, for 10 weeks, or 8 hours per day, 1 day per week, for 6 weeks, or 8 hours per day, for 6 days.
Prepare lessons and materials, leveraging existing GA curriculum content for several hours per week.
Work alongside GA staff and teaching team to best meet the needs and learning styles of your students
Guide students through development of a stellar final project that will showcase their abilities to hiring managers.
Facilitate a dynamic and collaborative classroom community.
Inspire students to persevere through the challenges of learning a new suite of skills
Who are we?
Since 2011, General Assembly has transformed tens of thousands of careers through pioneering, experiential education in today's most in-demand skills. As featured in The Economist, Wired, and The New York Times, GA offers training in web development, data, design, business, and more, both online and at campuses around the world.
Our global professional community boasts 40,000 full- and part-time alumni — and counting.In addition to fostering career growth for individuals, GA helps employers cultivate top tech talent and spur innovation by transforming their teams through strategic learning.
More than 21,000 employees at elite companies worldwide have honed their digital fluency with our corporate training programs. GA has also been recognised as one of Deloitte's Technology Fast 500, and Fast Company has dubbed us leaders in World-Changing Ideas as well as the #1 Most Innovative Company in Education."
28,28,"Analytics is one of the fastest-growing disciplines at AKQA with executive support, a global team, a big data stack, and a wide range of capabilities — including user experience insight and applied machine learning. Our clients are building the future of their businesses, more than ever with data at the heart of making this future a reality.
As a Digital Analyst at AKQA, you'll focus on generating information and insights from data, enabling us to optimise our clients' business performance, whilst ensuring their own customers enjoy more relevant and personalised experiences. You'll work closely with digital specialists from a range of strategy, creative and technology disciplines.
Located in Melbourne, you'll work in a meritocratic culture, surrounded by some of the brightest minds in their fields. You'll also have the opportunity to learn and grow within a creative and technically advanced team and have access to ongoing personal and professional development. At AKQA, we are committed to both your career growth and your work/life balance.


ROLE REQUIREMENTS:
Generate actionable insights from data, mostly from web applications, digitial marketing systems and mobile applications
General understanding of the digital marketing ecosystem - CRM, digital display, social etc;
Develop measurement frameworks aligned to business goals
Build knowledge of your clients' blockers, business domain and goals
Prepare reports and create dashboards to empower data driven decision making
Configure and deploy website tagging and analytics tools for site implementations, including custom events, variables and dimensions
Client-facing, able to present technical analytics information in a business-friendly way, articulating the technical to non-technical audiences
Proactively identify impacts between various streams of work and communicate to relevant stakeholders
Work with scrum teams to implement and test tracking solutions
Prepare presentations and present to clients, combining your ability to generate insights with your data manipulation and visualisation skills.
Working knowledge of statistical concepts and methodologies
Experience with CRO with Google Optimise or Optimisely desirable but not required
Customer Data Platform (CDP) experience connecting data sources and data pipelines is also desired by not required


QUALITIES AND CHARACTERISTICS:
Strong hands-on experience with Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, including Adobe Launch and GTM, AA Workspace/ report builder, and data integrations.
Google IQ certification
Clear and concise communication of insights and interpreting data
Story telling through data and visualisations
Ability to problem solve


AKQA is an Equal Opportunities Employer, we believe that diversity is vital to AKQA's ability to provide our clients with the best recommendations and are committed to fostering a varied and inclusive work environment. Your race, colour, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or veteran status have no bearing on our hiring decisions. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know."
29,29,"ESG solutions enable investors to develop and integrate responsible investing policies and practices, engage on responsible investment issues, and monitor portfolio company practices through screening solutions. It also provides climate data, analytics, and advisory services to help financial market participants understand, measure, and act on climate-related risks across all asset classes. In addition, ESG solutions cover corporate and country ESG research and ratings enabling its clients to identify material social and environmental risks and opportunities.
ESG solutions enable investors to develop and integrate responsible investing policies and practices, engage on responsible investment issues, and monitor portfolio company practices through screening solutions. It also provides climate data, analytics, and advisory services to help financial market participants understand, measure, and act on climate-related risks across all asset classes. In addition, ESG solutions cover corporate and country ESG research and ratings enabling its clients to identify material social and environmental risks and opportunities.
POSITION OVERVIEW
We are seeking an ESG Research Associate to join our Norm-Based Research team in Manila. Our new team member will be focused on conducting analyses of corporate controversies relating to global norms on business malpractice, human rights, environmental protection and labour standards.
The Norm-Based Research team’s analyses assist investors in making decisions regarding companies’ alleged involvement in practices that are in conflict with international standards and guidelines, as recognized in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. The team is based in Canberra (Australia), Manila (Philippines), Mumbai (India) and Stockholm (Sweden).
The successful candidate will be trained to work both independently and collaboratively with the team across different locations, conducting research on companies, relevant business activities and corporate controversies. Our new team member will work with the team to draft research reports on these companies, and in general contribute to the maintenance of high-quality ESG analyses focused on corporate controversies relating to alleged violations of global norms on business malpractice, human rights, environmental protection and labour standards. Key capabilities required for the role include strong analytical, writing and communication skills, as well as a keen eye for detail and a well-organized approach to independent and collaborative work in a team.
MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES
Conduct desk research into alleged corporate involvement in activities or practices that may be in conflict with established international standards and guidelines
Review information presented by and engaging in dialogue with stakeholders and companies
Write research reports on companies’ activities connected to violations of international norms
Participate in the research peer review process
Participate in and contribute to team processes focused on strengthening our ESG product offering
QUALIFICATIONS
Professional skills and qualifications:
Bachelor level degree or higher
Has 3-7 years of relevant experience
An interest in corporate controversies and international standards and guidelines for responsible business conduct. Previous experience or education in these areas is desirable but not required
Fluency in English. Additional languages are an asset
Solid writing and research skills, including the ability to produce basic and advanced analyses
Broad interest in business, in particular the finance and investment sectors
Interest in ESG, responsible investment, and sustainability is desirable
Personal skills:
Excellent attention to detail, and a methodical and thorough approach to the task at hand
Ability to work towards deadlines, manage tasks and prioritize
Proactive attitude, with ability to motivate and maintain a positive and collaborative working environment
Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to work both independently and as a member of an international team
NOTE: Interested applicants should include a cover letter along with the CV in English (PDF or MS Word).
#LI-AN1 #AUSESG
#Associate"
30,30,"This is an excellent opportunity for a Data Analyst to work at Sanitarium Health & Wellbeing, a highly respected food manufacturing company based locally on the Central Coast. The opportunity offers an immediate start and will give the successful candidate the chance to design Business Intelligence solutions that will allow data driven business outcomes across a wide range of areas in the business.
Sanitarium Health Food Company is Australian owned and a leader in the food industry with much loved brands and category leaders like Weet-Bix, Up&Go and So Good. Sanitarium's mission is focused on improving health and wellbeing in our community and as an organisation it is recognised as one of Australia's most trusted brands.

The Role
You will be part of a small BI team with responsibilities for corporate reporting across a wide area of the business.
The role includes the design, testing and support of reporting and analytics solutions that will allow the business to get insights from its data through KPIs designed to measure progress and performance of each part of the business. This will involve interactions with business and operational stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data, removing pain points and maximise the value of data.
The successful candidate will have strong understanding of data mapping and data integration concepts as well as great knowledge of PowerBI and other reporting tools. Good knowledge of SQL is required to enable analysis of data in our datalake and other data sources.
The right candidate will be able to analyse large datasets, detect patterns and identify the most appropriate way to measure performance and progress.
The successful candidate must be a self-starter, who can pick things up quickly, and who can work unsupervised dealing with business stakeholders. The role requires an excellent eye for detail, and a diligent attitude to understand and resolve issues relating to complex business logic.

To be successful in this role you must have:
Excellent analytical skills - ability to validate business rules from large volumes of data
Great SQL experience used to model large datasets efficiently
Excellent reporting design (PowerBI & Excel)
Good stakeholders communication skills - ability to proactively identify, communicate and document process improvement opportunities driven by data analytics
Desirable
SAP ECC knowledge (MM, SD, FICO, PP)

We are an organisation driven by our mission and values. If you share our passion for what we do, our products and can respect our Christian based principles then this is a great opportunity for you."
31,31,"Your Role
Carefully planning and running the logistics schedules as part of a close-knit team, you will also balance the needs of stakeholders and colleagues across all functions to ensure the efficient transportation of products. It’s a dynamic, responsible role that requires a flexible approach to changing priorities, delivering solutions and looking ahead to see how we can deliver even better for our customers. You will have an up-to-date view of production and material in transit as well as business strategic priorities to ensure financial goals are met.
A Typical Day
As a Logistics Analyst you will be responsible for logistics planning to ensure the smooth flow of internal and external material for Dudley Park manufacturing operations. Your objective will be to ensure high levels of customer service ensuring Electrolux meets its financial goals through scheduling and delivery of materials on time to production. You will be part of various functions within the logistics team that may involve Kanban scheduling, electronic ordering, scheduling, shortage reporting and follow up. Your day may include:
Prepare and review low stock reports
Create, review and analyse component requirements
Monitor goods receiving
Manage Direct to Site suppliers
Follow through urgent order from point of dispatch to line side delivery
Monitor stock and correct stock discrepancies
Maintain record of supplier decks and maintain supplier deck details
Maintain accurate Logistics Lead times within the corporate database
Manage cost KPI’s as per Business Plan Development
Periodically review freight methods and rates for most practical and cost-effective methods
Prepare stock reports
Report on shortages to the factory through the daily components meeting
Liaise and work closely with other departments including Production, Manufacturing Engineering and Purchasing
Core Competencies
Agile – You work with urgency, analysing and adapting to different situations, quickly understanding changes and reacting confidently and decisively.

Analytical – With an eye for detail and the ability to interpret complex data, you can also translate this into meaningful, useful information that informs decision-making.

A Self-Starter – You can join the dots to take us from where we are to where we want to be, mapping the clear routes and strategies essential to achieving our goals.

Organised – You set the pace and the priorities, and then you bring a methodical approach to meeting your goals.

Collaborative – You build trust, good working relationships and communicate effectively with your colleagues and across functions.
Who You Are
Good working knowledge of global shipping practices
Experience in a global project involving multiple stakeholders including suppliers, freight forwarders via web-based applications
Ability to work under pressure
Good planning and organisational skills
Tertiary qualification in logistics, material planning or similar discipline
Computer skills with high competence level in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, Access etc
Keeping you Healthy and Safe
We want you to return home in even better shape than when you started, so we need you to help us do this by making sure you follow a few simple steps. We need you to:
Make sure you take reasonable care for your own health and safety, and
Take reasonable care that what you do (or what you don’t do when you should have) doesn’t affect the health and safety of others, and
Follow reasonable instructions that we might give from time-to-time, such as reporting incidents and hazards, and
Follow policies or procedures, so long as it’s reasonable and we’ve told you about it, and
Attend training that helps you to work safely"
32,32,"Job no: 793769
Work type: Full time
Location: Adelaide CBD
Categories: Administration and Clerical, Corporate Services, IT

Department for Health and Wellbeing, Commissioning and Performance – Enterprise Data and Information
Salary: $94,176 to $99,615 – ASO6 – Full Time / Ongoing Appointment
The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for the delivery of objective, high quality, professional and timely statistical analysis, interpretation and reporting of health related data that is critical to and addresses the information requirements of the Department for Health and Wellbeing
The South Australian public sector promotes diversity and flexible ways of working part-time. Applicants are encouraged to discuss the flexible working arrangements for this role. Appointment will be subject to a satisfactory Criminal History Check and appropriate immunisation requirements. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander applicants are encouraged to apply. Job ref: 793769
Vaccination Requirements
COVID-19 vaccination is an essential requirement under the Emergency Management (Healthcare Setting Workers Vaccination) (COVID-19) Directions 2021 to work in a SA Health/health care setting.
Enquiries
Alison Wall
Office Manager
Phone: 8226 6771
E-mail: Alison.Wall@sa.gov.au
Application Closing Date
Wednesday, 01 June 2022 - 11.55PM
Attachments
Australian Applicant Guidelines
International Applicant Guidelines
Advertised: 18 May 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time
Applications close: 01 Jun 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time"
33,33,"We care for the people of NSW, building confidence and trust so our communities can thrive. We make the complex simple, so our schemes deliver better outcomes for people and communities. Whether a person is severely injured in the workplace or on our roads, icare supports their long-term care needs to improve quality of life, including helping people return to work.
We insure over 326,000 NSW businesses and 202 NSW Government agencies. We protect around 90 per cent of public and private sector workers in NSW – that's approximately 4 million people. icare is a trusted risk advisor to the NSW Government, protecting over $228 billion of the state's most iconic assets, including the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.


The opportunity:
To support the activities of the Data Solutions and Engineering function, to ensure the provision of data assets, data services, analytical applications and data insights
Permanent, Full Time Role
Salary starting from $131,000 plus super
It’s an exciting environment where no two days are the same. But on a typical day you might find yourself:
Working with General Manager for IfNSW & HBCF General Lines Claims to come up with solutions to assess the performance of our partners
Provide operational support for Data Solutions and Engineering activities, using a range of administrative and support services and functions, including; writing reports based on data and giving comments and ad-hoc tasks to support internal and external customers.
Assist and lead the provision of reporting and insights to internal stakeholders and external agencies e.g. monthly performance reporting.


Your story so far:
Degree qualification such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Actuarial Science.
Hands on experience in a variety of data & reporting and projects.
A range of strong knowledge and application of Commercial General Lines Insurance portfolio & performance management principles is key
A broad range of experience developing end to end reporting solutions. Experience with SQL is required.


What we offer:
We know our strength comes from the diversity of our people and so we want people with different experiences and backgrounds to apply. We recognise the importance of balance and flexibility and understand that it’s not a one size fits all approach.
icare provides career opportunities and great employee benefits, including:
Flexible working arrangements to help you balance work and life
A corporate wellbeing program with subsidised gym membership, free flu vaccinations and health check programs
Comprehensive learning and development support
Our People Awards - On-the-spot Recognition, Quarterly Values Awards & Our People Annual Awards
Access to our Employee Assistance Program
icare day – access to an extra day’s leave
17.5 annual leave loading


If you think you’re the right person for this role, send us your resume. Don’t delay as we’re assessing applications as they are received.
icare recognise the value of diverse perspectives and experience. We are committed to an inclusive workplace where everyone feels valued and respected for who they are. If there are any accessibility adjustments you need to help you be able to apply for this role, please contact us at: talentacquisition@icare.nsw.gov.au
Please note that you must be an Australian citizen, permanent resident of Australia, New Zealand citizen with a current New Zealand passport or have unrestricted working rights to apply for this role.
icare is the brand of Insurance & Care NSW
For more information about icare visit our website
icare operates a direct sourcing model so no agency introductions will be accepted
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant
A talent pool may be created through this recruitment process. A talent pool is a group of applicants who have been assessed and identified as suitable for this role, and who may be considered for a range of similar roles.
Apply here"
34,34,"Work From Home
Start July
12 months contract + 12 months extension


About the Role:
Our client is a govt. department seeking a Business Analyst ideally with experience working on projects that have delivered robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI.
You will engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.
You will have the opportunity to contribute to:
Team culture – contributing to a collaborative, agile, curious analytic team
Establishing productivity systems and processes – providing input into processes and systems (e.g. DevOps and Git) to manage work and share code
Innovative approaches – advocate for, and pioneer, novel approaches to delivering user-focused insights.
Analytic approaches and practice – contribute experience and preferences to effective ways of delivering analytic projects.
Responsibilities:
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Working with ICT and business systems teams to identify data and make data available for analysis
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
You'll need prior experience in a similar role.
Work Anywhere:
Remote working available
Apply now:
For more information contact Erin or speak with one of our team on 0262010100 / 0386139999 / 0733095600"
35,35,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time
Organisation: Department of Transport
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Analyst
Reference: VG/NEW80004190
The Department of Transport brings together all transport modes to design, plan, build and operate Victoria's transport system. Our job is to further integrate the transport network and improve the delivery of services to Victorians for simpler, quicker and safer journeys that connect people and places and support Victoria's prosperity and liveability. We are excited to offer this opportunity for you to become part of the Department that delivers more choice, connections and confidence in our travel, ensuring the whole transport network works as one to deliver better services and outcomes.
Business Intelligence Analyst
Annual Salary Range: VPS4 $88,955 – $100, 930 per annum plus superannuation
Tenure: Ongoing
Employment Type: Full Time
Usual Work Location: Melbourne CBD (flexibility may be available)
About the Opportunity
The Business Intelligence Analyst sits within the Reporting & Analysis team of the Portfolio Management Office and is responsible for the development, support and maintenance of Power BI dashboards and for providing meaningful analytical insight, working with a wide range of data and reports from across the department and its agencies. The position complements the role of the Reporting Analysts to support the Portfolio Assurance branch to guide and support key stakeholders to align to the standard for project delivery reporting across the Department through the provision of quality dashboards, delivery insights, analytics and advice.
About You
Our ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the following key skills:
Takes into account wider business context within business unit when considering options to resolve issues.
Considers data volume, variety, velocity, and veracity to establish data collection and analysis approach.
Understands and delivers against standards of quality and effectiveness applicable to own area of work.
Communicates orally in a manner that is clear fluent and holds the listeners' attention.
Works with sense of purpose within the team and enables others to understand the strategic direction of the branch and organisation.
Mandatory
Demonstrated expertise in business intelligence (Power BI) and experience using those skills to support business reporting outcomes.
Extensive experience relevant to the accountabilities and capabilities of the role ideally in project reporting and/or data analysis.
More information is available in the Position Description.
How to Apply
Applications should include a resume and a covering letter briefly addressing the Key Selection Criteria found in the position description.
Applications close 11.59pm on 27 May 2022.
For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity, please call Paul Farrell, Manager Reporting and Analysis via email at paul.farrell@transport.vic.gov.au.


Please note: This position requires the successful employee to provide evidence of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, or medical evidence which confirms the individual is unable to receive a dose, or a further dose, of a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical contraindication or an acute medical illness.
Failure to comply with this condition of employment will impact your eligibility for employment in this position with DoT.
Preferred applicants may be subject to pre-employment checks. Information provided to the Department of Transport will be treated in the strictest confidence."
36,36,"ESG solutions enable investors to develop and integrate responsible investing policies and practices, engage on responsible investment issues, and monitor portfolio company practices through screening solutions. It also provides climate data, analytics, and advisory services to help financial market participants understand, measure, and act on climate-related risks across all asset classes. In addition, ESG solutions cover corporate and country ESG research and ratings enabling its clients to identify material social and environmental risks and opportunities.
ESG solutions enable investors to develop and integrate responsible investing policies and practices, engage on responsible investment issues, and monitor portfolio company practices through screening solutions. It also provides climate data, analytics, and advisory services to help financial market participants understand, measure, and act on climate-related risks across all asset classes. In addition, ESG solutions cover corporate and country ESG research and ratings enabling its clients to identify material social and environmental risks and opportunities.
POSITION OVERVIEW
We are seeking an ESG Research Associate to join our Norm-Based Research team in Manila. Our new team member will be focused on conducting analyses of corporate controversies relating to global norms on business malpractice, human rights, environmental protection and labour standards.
The Norm-Based Research team’s analyses assist investors in making decisions regarding companies’ alleged involvement in practices that are in conflict with international standards and guidelines, as recognized in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. The team is based in Canberra (Australia), Manila (Philippines), Mumbai (India) and Stockholm (Sweden).
The successful candidate will be trained to work both independently and collaboratively with the team across different locations, conducting research on companies, relevant business activities and corporate controversies. Our new team member will work with the team to draft research reports on these companies, and in general contribute to the maintenance of high-quality ESG analyses focused on corporate controversies relating to alleged violations of global norms on business malpractice, human rights, environmental protection and labour standards. Key capabilities required for the role include strong analytical, writing and communication skills, as well as a keen eye for detail and a well-organized approach to independent and collaborative work in a team.
MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES
Conduct desk research into alleged corporate involvement in activities or practices that may be in conflict with established international standards and guidelines
Review information presented by and engaging in dialogue with stakeholders and companies
Write research reports on companies’ activities connected to violations of international norms
Participate in the research peer review process
Participate in and contribute to team processes focused on strengthening our ESG product offering
QUALIFICATIONS
Professional skills and qualifications:
Bachelor level degree or higher
Has 3-7 years of relevant experience
An interest in corporate controversies and international standards and guidelines for responsible business conduct. Previous experience or education in these areas is desirable but not required
Fluency in English. Additional languages are an asset
Solid writing and research skills, including the ability to produce basic and advanced analyses
Broad interest in business, in particular the finance and investment sectors
Interest in ESG, responsible investment, and sustainability is desirable
Personal skills:
Excellent attention to detail, and a methodical and thorough approach to the task at hand
Ability to work towards deadlines, manage tasks and prioritize
Proactive attitude, with ability to motivate and maintain a positive and collaborative working environment
Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to work both independently and as a member of an international team
NOTE: Interested applicants should include a cover letter along with the CV in English (PDF or MS Word).
#LI-AN1 #AUSESG
#Associate"
37,37,"This is an excellent opportunity for a Data Analyst to work at Sanitarium Health & Wellbeing, a highly respected food manufacturing company based locally on the Central Coast. The opportunity offers an immediate start and will give the successful candidate the chance to design Business Intelligence solutions that will allow data driven business outcomes across a wide range of areas in the business.
Sanitarium Health Food Company is Australian owned and a leader in the food industry with much loved brands and category leaders like Weet-Bix, Up&Go and So Good. Sanitarium's mission is focused on improving health and wellbeing in our community and as an organisation it is recognised as one of Australia's most trusted brands.

The Role
You will be part of a small BI team with responsibilities for corporate reporting across a wide area of the business.
The role includes the design, testing and support of reporting and analytics solutions that will allow the business to get insights from its data through KPIs designed to measure progress and performance of each part of the business. This will involve interactions with business and operational stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data, removing pain points and maximise the value of data.
The successful candidate will have strong understanding of data mapping and data integration concepts as well as great knowledge of PowerBI and other reporting tools. Good knowledge of SQL is required to enable analysis of data in our datalake and other data sources.
The right candidate will be able to analyse large datasets, detect patterns and identify the most appropriate way to measure performance and progress.
The successful candidate must be a self-starter, who can pick things up quickly, and who can work unsupervised dealing with business stakeholders. The role requires an excellent eye for detail, and a diligent attitude to understand and resolve issues relating to complex business logic.

To be successful in this role you must have:
Excellent analytical skills - ability to validate business rules from large volumes of data
Great SQL experience used to model large datasets efficiently
Excellent reporting design (PowerBI & Excel)
Good stakeholders communication skills - ability to proactively identify, communicate and document process improvement opportunities driven by data analytics
Desirable
SAP ECC knowledge (MM, SD, FICO, PP)

We are an organisation driven by our mission and values. If you share our passion for what we do, our products and can respect our Christian based principles then this is a great opportunity for you."
38,38,"Your Role
Carefully planning and running the logistics schedules as part of a close-knit team, you will also balance the needs of stakeholders and colleagues across all functions to ensure the efficient transportation of products. It’s a dynamic, responsible role that requires a flexible approach to changing priorities, delivering solutions and looking ahead to see how we can deliver even better for our customers. You will have an up-to-date view of production and material in transit as well as business strategic priorities to ensure financial goals are met.
A Typical Day
As a Logistics Analyst you will be responsible for logistics planning to ensure the smooth flow of internal and external material for Dudley Park manufacturing operations. Your objective will be to ensure high levels of customer service ensuring Electrolux meets its financial goals through scheduling and delivery of materials on time to production. You will be part of various functions within the logistics team that may involve Kanban scheduling, electronic ordering, scheduling, shortage reporting and follow up. Your day may include:
Prepare and review low stock reports
Create, review and analyse component requirements
Monitor goods receiving
Manage Direct to Site suppliers
Follow through urgent order from point of dispatch to line side delivery
Monitor stock and correct stock discrepancies
Maintain record of supplier decks and maintain supplier deck details
Maintain accurate Logistics Lead times within the corporate database
Manage cost KPI’s as per Business Plan Development
Periodically review freight methods and rates for most practical and cost-effective methods
Prepare stock reports
Report on shortages to the factory through the daily components meeting
Liaise and work closely with other departments including Production, Manufacturing Engineering and Purchasing
Core Competencies
Agile – You work with urgency, analysing and adapting to different situations, quickly understanding changes and reacting confidently and decisively.

Analytical – With an eye for detail and the ability to interpret complex data, you can also translate this into meaningful, useful information that informs decision-making.

A Self-Starter – You can join the dots to take us from where we are to where we want to be, mapping the clear routes and strategies essential to achieving our goals.

Organised – You set the pace and the priorities, and then you bring a methodical approach to meeting your goals.

Collaborative – You build trust, good working relationships and communicate effectively with your colleagues and across functions.
Who You Are
Good working knowledge of global shipping practices
Experience in a global project involving multiple stakeholders including suppliers, freight forwarders via web-based applications
Ability to work under pressure
Good planning and organisational skills
Tertiary qualification in logistics, material planning or similar discipline
Computer skills with high competence level in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, Access etc
Keeping you Healthy and Safe
We want you to return home in even better shape than when you started, so we need you to help us do this by making sure you follow a few simple steps. We need you to:
Make sure you take reasonable care for your own health and safety, and
Take reasonable care that what you do (or what you don’t do when you should have) doesn’t affect the health and safety of others, and
Follow reasonable instructions that we might give from time-to-time, such as reporting incidents and hazards, and
Follow policies or procedures, so long as it’s reasonable and we’ve told you about it, and
Attend training that helps you to work safely"
39,39,"Job no: 793769
Work type: Full time
Location: Adelaide CBD
Categories: Administration and Clerical, Corporate Services, IT

Department for Health and Wellbeing, Commissioning and Performance – Enterprise Data and Information
Salary: $94,176 to $99,615 – ASO6 – Full Time / Ongoing Appointment
The Senior Data Analyst is responsible for the delivery of objective, high quality, professional and timely statistical analysis, interpretation and reporting of health related data that is critical to and addresses the information requirements of the Department for Health and Wellbeing
The South Australian public sector promotes diversity and flexible ways of working part-time. Applicants are encouraged to discuss the flexible working arrangements for this role. Appointment will be subject to a satisfactory Criminal History Check and appropriate immunisation requirements. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander applicants are encouraged to apply. Job ref: 793769
Vaccination Requirements
COVID-19 vaccination is an essential requirement under the Emergency Management (Healthcare Setting Workers Vaccination) (COVID-19) Directions 2021 to work in a SA Health/health care setting.
Enquiries
Alison Wall
Office Manager
Phone: 8226 6771
E-mail: Alison.Wall@sa.gov.au
Application Closing Date
Wednesday, 01 June 2022 - 11.55PM
Attachments
Australian Applicant Guidelines
International Applicant Guidelines
Advertised: 18 May 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time
Applications close: 01 Jun 2022 Cen. Australia Standard Time"
40,40,"We care for the people of NSW, building confidence and trust so our communities can thrive. We make the complex simple, so our schemes deliver better outcomes for people and communities. Whether a person is severely injured in the workplace or on our roads, icare supports their long-term care needs to improve quality of life, including helping people return to work.
We insure over 326,000 NSW businesses and 202 NSW Government agencies. We protect around 90 per cent of public and private sector workers in NSW – that's approximately 4 million people. icare is a trusted risk advisor to the NSW Government, protecting over $228 billion of the state's most iconic assets, including the Sydney Opera House and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.


The opportunity:
To support the activities of the Data Solutions and Engineering function, to ensure the provision of data assets, data services, analytical applications and data insights
Permanent, Full Time Role
Salary starting from $131,000 plus super
It’s an exciting environment where no two days are the same. But on a typical day you might find yourself:
Working with General Manager for IfNSW & HBCF General Lines Claims to come up with solutions to assess the performance of our partners
Provide operational support for Data Solutions and Engineering activities, using a range of administrative and support services and functions, including; writing reports based on data and giving comments and ad-hoc tasks to support internal and external customers.
Assist and lead the provision of reporting and insights to internal stakeholders and external agencies e.g. monthly performance reporting.


Your story so far:
Degree qualification such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Computer Science, Actuarial Science.
Hands on experience in a variety of data & reporting and projects.
A range of strong knowledge and application of Commercial General Lines Insurance portfolio & performance management principles is key
A broad range of experience developing end to end reporting solutions. Experience with SQL is required.


What we offer:
We know our strength comes from the diversity of our people and so we want people with different experiences and backgrounds to apply. We recognise the importance of balance and flexibility and understand that it’s not a one size fits all approach.
icare provides career opportunities and great employee benefits, including:
Flexible working arrangements to help you balance work and life
A corporate wellbeing program with subsidised gym membership, free flu vaccinations and health check programs
Comprehensive learning and development support
Our People Awards - On-the-spot Recognition, Quarterly Values Awards & Our People Annual Awards
Access to our Employee Assistance Program
icare day – access to an extra day’s leave
17.5 annual leave loading


If you think you’re the right person for this role, send us your resume. Don’t delay as we’re assessing applications as they are received.
icare recognise the value of diverse perspectives and experience. We are committed to an inclusive workplace where everyone feels valued and respected for who they are. If there are any accessibility adjustments you need to help you be able to apply for this role, please contact us at: talentacquisition@icare.nsw.gov.au
Please note that you must be an Australian citizen, permanent resident of Australia, New Zealand citizen with a current New Zealand passport or have unrestricted working rights to apply for this role.
icare is the brand of Insurance & Care NSW
For more information about icare visit our website
icare operates a direct sourcing model so no agency introductions will be accepted
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant
A talent pool may be created through this recruitment process. A talent pool is a group of applicants who have been assessed and identified as suitable for this role, and who may be considered for a range of similar roles.
Apply here"
41,41,"Work From Home
Start July
12 months contract + 12 months extension


About the Role:
Our client is a govt. department seeking a Business Analyst ideally with experience working on projects that have delivered robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI.
You will engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio, which includes environment, resource management, biosecurity, trade, and other interesting fields.
You will have the opportunity to contribute to:
Team culture – contributing to a collaborative, agile, curious analytic team
Establishing productivity systems and processes – providing input into processes and systems (e.g. DevOps and Git) to manage work and share code
Innovative approaches – advocate for, and pioneer, novel approaches to delivering user-focused insights.
Analytic approaches and practice – contribute experience and preferences to effective ways of delivering analytic projects.
Responsibilities:
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Working with business to understand data requirements and issues
Working with ICT and business systems teams to identify data and make data available for analysis
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools
You'll need prior experience in a similar role.
Work Anywhere:
Remote working available
Apply now:
For more information contact Erin or speak with one of our team on 0262010100 / 0386139999 / 0733095600"
42,42,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time
Organisation: Department of Transport
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Analyst
Reference: VG/NEW80004190
The Department of Transport brings together all transport modes to design, plan, build and operate Victoria's transport system. Our job is to further integrate the transport network and improve the delivery of services to Victorians for simpler, quicker and safer journeys that connect people and places and support Victoria's prosperity and liveability. We are excited to offer this opportunity for you to become part of the Department that delivers more choice, connections and confidence in our travel, ensuring the whole transport network works as one to deliver better services and outcomes.
Business Intelligence Analyst
Annual Salary Range: VPS4 $88,955 – $100, 930 per annum plus superannuation
Tenure: Ongoing
Employment Type: Full Time
Usual Work Location: Melbourne CBD (flexibility may be available)
About the Opportunity
The Business Intelligence Analyst sits within the Reporting & Analysis team of the Portfolio Management Office and is responsible for the development, support and maintenance of Power BI dashboards and for providing meaningful analytical insight, working with a wide range of data and reports from across the department and its agencies. The position complements the role of the Reporting Analysts to support the Portfolio Assurance branch to guide and support key stakeholders to align to the standard for project delivery reporting across the Department through the provision of quality dashboards, delivery insights, analytics and advice.
About You
Our ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the following key skills:
Takes into account wider business context within business unit when considering options to resolve issues.
Considers data volume, variety, velocity, and veracity to establish data collection and analysis approach.
Understands and delivers against standards of quality and effectiveness applicable to own area of work.
Communicates orally in a manner that is clear fluent and holds the listeners' attention.
Works with sense of purpose within the team and enables others to understand the strategic direction of the branch and organisation.
Mandatory
Demonstrated expertise in business intelligence (Power BI) and experience using those skills to support business reporting outcomes.
Extensive experience relevant to the accountabilities and capabilities of the role ideally in project reporting and/or data analysis.
More information is available in the Position Description.
How to Apply
Applications should include a resume and a covering letter briefly addressing the Key Selection Criteria found in the position description.
Applications close 11.59pm on 27 May 2022.
For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity, please call Paul Farrell, Manager Reporting and Analysis via email at paul.farrell@transport.vic.gov.au.


Please note: This position requires the successful employee to provide evidence of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, or medical evidence which confirms the individual is unable to receive a dose, or a further dose, of a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical contraindication or an acute medical illness.
Failure to comply with this condition of employment will impact your eligibility for employment in this position with DoT.
Preferred applicants may be subject to pre-employment checks. Information provided to the Department of Transport will be treated in the strictest confidence."
43,43,"Job description
Arvensys Technologies is a well-established organization offering Software Services and Partnered IT Products & Solutions. We are looking for a Business Analyst who will be the Vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by implementing and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software needs based in Sydney NSW for a full time role.
ICT business analysts work with users to formulate system requirements, develop system plans and documentation, review and evaluate existing systems, and design and modify systems to meet users' business needs including Robotics Process Automation (RPA) technology to create automated solutions for the business. The role is a key link between the technical team, Process Excellence and business stakeholders to ensure effective solutions are delivered which drive meaningful and measurable business value.
The role will analyze and document complex business processes (AS-IS and TO-BE) for targeted processes. The candidate would also support the facilitation of discovery sessions across multiple teams and business units and lead the adoption / implementation activities associated within the business.
The Business Analyst works with cross-functional teams and business units to understand, challenge and provide thought leadership on strategy to achieve the company’s goals through business and technology transformation. They identify automation opportunities, define RPA value proposition and re-engineer processes to improve automation potential.
Key Responsibilities:
Partner with the Business Process Owner(s) and Process Excellence Team members to develop a deep end-to-end understanding of processes targeted for automation and outline the impacted processes and business requirements
Engage with cross-functional teams to develop business requirements documentation of the process to be automated in a manner that is understood by the business users and can be shared with solution design and development teams
Proactively communicate, collaborate, lead and participate in various stakeholder workshops and engagements like requirements gathering, validation, discovery playbacks and showcases, to deliver product’s functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.
Preparing artefacts supporting project delivery (traceability matrix, solutions gap analysis, support creation of service transition artefacts as required)
Works with Technical Team members to facilitate the planning and execution
Work with Business Units to perform value analysis (ROI) for the processes
Coordinate with the business and technical team to identify and provide support for solution designs for production issues and enhancements
Identify scope, benefits, constraints, and risks, capture and document current processes
Identify and document best practices
Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to drive out requirements
Consider change management implications for implementation of new processes
Deliver key business analysis artifacts, using best practices and tools, for the design, solution and execution of medium and large projects
Document and diagram the existing environment and data-flows
Gather non-functional requirements such as security, capacity performance and availability
Act as a liaison between business and technical resources
Recommend ‘to-be’ process map designs using Cross-functional flowcharts.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Conduct Process diagnostics & opportunity identification
Define requirements, creating user stories
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Creating Business Case and ROI which can be submitted for review and approvals
Essential Knowledge and Skills:
Strong customer service focus with the proven ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members, stakeholders and management. Demonstrate strong collaboration across all levels of the organization
Ability to work independently, with limited supervision
Effective Persuasive Communication including the ability to influence SMEs and business stakeholders toward change, automation and continuous improvement
Knowledge of best practices with process improvement and operational excellence
Understand the needs of and support a company with global operations
Ability to translate requirements into processes and controls
Strong analytical skills, coupled with a logical, disciplined and structured approach to documentation and procedures
Flexible and dynamic personality
Excellent spoken and written communication. Assertive and confident raising action points with senior individuals
Experience of working on major projects
Experience/knowledge of a range of technical platforms and solutions
Work with individuals to understand and build detailed process maps and business requirements documents
Ability to rapidly grasp processes and identify potential solutions
Integrate leading practices on process discovery & mapping into the day-to-day delivery of business requirements documents
A team player that is willing to learn and adapt in a high pace delivery environment
Desirable Knowledge and Skills:
Good to have JIRA, Confluence experience
Experience working with automation software (e.g., UiPath)
Experience writing SQL queries for data analysis
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $75,000.00 – $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
44,44,"Organisation/Entity: Transport For NSW
Job Category: Information & Communication Technology
Job Location: Macquarie Park, NSW, AU, 2113
Job Ref No: 65424
Employment Type: Permanent Full-Time
Salary Range: $120423.0-$134872.0
About us


Transport for NSW is the lead agency of the NSW Transport cluster. Our role is to lead the development of a safe, efficient, integrated transport system that keeps people and goods moving, connects communities and shapes the future of our cities, centres and regions. We work with several government agencies to coordinate road, rail, bus and maritime services, always keeping the safety and comfort of our customers at the heart of what we do.


About IT at TfNSW


TfNSW’s IT group provides the tools, information and services that enable 30,000 employees to deliver a smart and efficient transport network. We bring the future to our people by delivering innovative solutions and minimising business disruptions, building an engaged and connected workforce through tech-enablement. This is an exciting time to join the team, with a committed annual investment of $700m for progressive technology projects including bots, apps, AI solutions, autonomous 3D mapping drones, cybersecurity and transforming cameras across our network.


The opportunity


We have a new opportunity for a Senior Analyst, permanent full time role within Corporate IT. The role of a Senior Analyst is to facilitate the identification of business problems or opportunities; elicit, analyse, document, communicate & validate requirements; and design recommended changes to processes, policies & information systems, working in collaboration with key stakeholders.


Your role will include


Enhance business systems by providing accurate information about business needs and priorities
Support the business in the development of business cases including solution scope and options, financial model development and act as a subject matter expert responsible for requirements workshops, walkthroughs and business process reviews/re-engineering to document business requirements
Own the accurate identification and capture of client’s requirements; provide documentation; business and functional requirements, business process models, user stories/requirements and user case scenarios as appropriate to meet the business needs
Work with key stakeholders to define business requirements and trends with a comprehensive analysis of alternate solutions (internal and external) to enable informed business decisions and service level improvements
Investigate, analyse and make recommendations about complex business situations
Manage and drive critical evaluation of alternative options in order to support decision making
Understand the big picture, manage impact of change, ensuring that all gaps are identified and addressed.
Guide and support team members in responding flexibly to business change and providing customer focused services
Provide plain language advice on technical issues to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrate the five ways of leading behaviours to deliver organisational outcomes for our customers, our people and communities for the greater good.


For more information please view a copy of the role description.


About you


To be successful in the role you will
Tertiary qualifications or equivalent experience with a minimum of 5 years experience in Business Analysis preferrable.
Exposure to working in a large, complex environments and in dealing a diverse range of stakeholders
Experienced in interacting with executive & senior management
Experience in facilitating business process and requirements workshops
Experience in Finance and Procurement is desirable
SAP experience is desirable


Salary and Benefits


The salary for this position is TfNSW Grade 8 ($120,423.00 - $134,872.00) per annum plus superannuation and leave loading.


For more information on Employee Benefits at TfNSW please click here.


How to apply


To apply for this position, please answer all questions within the online application process and submit a resume.


Applications Close: 11.59 PM Sunday, 22nd May 2022


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.We enable our people to work in ways that work for them and their teams. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.


For any enquiries, please email Srivatsa Lakshmi Narayana at Srivatsa.Lakshminarayana@transport.nsw.gov.au


Apply today to register your interest!


Find out more about Transport for NSW at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/about-us



Job Segment: Engineer, ERP, Information Systems, Business Analyst, Procurement, Technology, Engineering, Operations"
45,45,"Business BA - Expression of Interest
We have a number of Business BA roles available to work on multiple exciting projects at CommBank and would love to hear from candidates who want to come along for this journey.
As a Business BA at Commonwealth Bank you will be the face of projects, representing the business and technical teams, helping us build a simpler better bank. You will have excellent communication skills and be working with many different stakeholders.
With some of Australia’s best Business BA's already on board, we are keen to connect with the wider talent community about what a career as a Business BA at Commonwealth Bank can look like.
It will be critical that you have demonstrated experience with the following:
Experience working in Financial Services or similar complex environments
Ability to operate in an ambiguous environment
Perform data analysis that can be used to either support or challenge business initiatives
Participate in requirements elicitation workshops to capture requirements
Delivered in robust regulatory environments
Knowledge of change management, process modelling and testing
Prior experience with separation, divestment projects is highly valuable for your application
To start a conversation on what a Business BA career can look like at CBA, hit APPLY NOW.
Please only apply if you have experience as a Business BA. (If you are a Digital or Technical focused business analyst please apply to the correct adverts matching your experiences).
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority. This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 14/06/2022"
46,46,"Line of Service
Advisory
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
PPM
Management Level
Senior Associate
Job Description & Summary
About the Opportunity
At PwC, you’ll help Australian businesses, governments and not-for-profit companies create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities or driving innovation with our clients, together we build trust in society and solve important problems.
Integrated Infrastructure brings this to life by helping clients improve the way they operate, reduce costs, manage risks, leverage talent, or fundamentally change the way they do business. Your work here will help organisations of all shapes and sizes work smarter and grow faster.
Within PwC’s Integrated Infrastructure team in Adelaide as a Senior Associate you will work collaboratively with our broader Integrated Infrastructure teams on important client projects, or sometimes directly with clients on more specialist or technical analytics based assignments.
As a Senior Associate in our Analytics team your impact will be seen by:
Working with the Partners, our team leaders and broader Consulting teams on projects to establish and build trusted relationships with client executives, management and delivery teams
Helping design, build and deliver innovative analytics-backed solutions primarily for our large Federal, State and Local Government and Public Sector clients, also working on projects for our wider clients from other industry sectors, working as a team to drive propositions around customer centricity, productivity, supply chain, workforce, environment, infrastructure and cities
Using your experience in programming languages such as Java and Python to drive advanced analytics projects in areas such as simulation, optimisation, and AI/ML
Using your experience and understanding with cloud computing to implement scalable solutions
About you
You will most likely have a background and a track record of success in working in teams with clients to deliver solutions backed by analytics.
You are likely to have 4-5+ years of experience applying advanced analytics, database development and data visualisation to complex issues.
You will have a quantitative background with a qualification in mathematics, statistics, business intelligence, engineering or similar. You will need to have excellent analytical and problem solving skills, as well as being able to communicate effectively and impactfully with clients and stakeholders. Proficiency in some of the following toolsets is required – Microsoft Excel, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Alteryx, PowerBI, Qlik, Tableau.
You are agile, people-focused, motivated to succeed, analytically minded and commercially astute. You have strong attention to detail and exceptional standards in quality.
Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Integrated Infrastructure team deliver practical advice that speaks straight to the heart of client business issues and deliver innovative results. You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.
Please note the techniques and technologies listed are examples only and are not intended to be exhaustive or all required.
Much of our work in the Integrated Infrastructure business is State Government, but we also work more widely with both the Federal and Local Government sector clients, so experience in these sectors will also be relevant. We have particular interest in experience in transport, planning, infrastructure, health and customer service related departments, other relevant broader experience is also of interest and welcome.
You are highly collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.
Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Next Steps
We’ll be assessing applications and progressing candidates who meet the program eligibility criteria.
The timing of this will depend on when you apply and complete this part of the recruitment process.
PwC is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as well as visitors to our offices and events.

PwC has introduced a COVID-19 Vaccination policy that requires all staff, contractors, clients and visitors to be fully vaccinated before they can access our offices, attend client sites, undertake work-related travel, or attend work-related events, subject to limited exemptions. For more information: https://www.pwc.com.au/about-us/notices/coronavirus.html
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
No
Job Posting End Date"
47,47,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Want to do the best work of your life? With 24 million customers in 6 countries, make your mark at Europe’s leading media and entertainment brand. A workplace where you can proudly be yourself; our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work.
We have a vision to create the world’s greatest streaming platform – and our global e-commerce product is a fundamental part of that, enabling our prospective customers to understand what TV content is right for them, and ensuring a frictionless purchase and onboarding experience. - Chris Parker – Senior Product Lead, Sales & CMS
What you'll do:
You’ll be embedded within our Global Digital Sales Scrum Team, working closely with the Product Owner and our local markets to identify user needs and drive forward product improvements across multiple territories.
You’ll care about the detail; working closely with our local markets and our end users to gather detailed requirements, broken down into Epics and User Stories.
Analysing data, trends and pulling data from multiple sources to ensure that our priorities are always supported by data and that we remain a customer-centric product team.
You’ll work closely with our developers; fully engaged throughout the agile delivery cycle, managing user stories, demonstrating incremental product releases and providing UAT.
You’ll regularly collaborate with our UX/UI designers to ensure that all the detail has been understood; driving forward design thinking, ensuring that we are regularly testing our products with end users.
Conducting regular external market research, benchmarking and product assessment, constantly comparing our services with both close competitors and those further afield
Forging strong relationships with our local market teams to keep them updated with development progress and to gather their requirements and help turn outcomes into web solutions.
What you'll bring:
A passion for media and technology – it’s at the core of everything we do and are as a team
The drive to get things done and make a difference, and the calmness to ensure we keep focused on the bigger picture when things are challenging
Relevant work experience in media, or experience working in technology, a marketing team or eCommerce
Highly numerate, with the ability to identify and analysis appropriate data sources to draw data-driven conclusions
Thorough; someone who is keen to learn and likes to fully understand how something works
Relevant experience and sound knowledge of agile development methodologies is desirable
A self-starter, with a real pro-active nature, always seeking new opportunities and predicting the next great thing
Department overview:
We’re the Product Hub. We’re the team behind your favourite Sky products, and the platforms that power them. We make every moment magical, everywhere. Our team is made up of self-motivated, big thinkers who have a knack for solving problems and find new ways to captivate millions of customers by putting them at the heart of everything we do. From Sky Glass, Sky Q, Peacock and NOW to news and sports apps, we make entertainment even better and we can’t wait to get started on what’s next.
Product Management
Our Product Management team works closely with our design, delivery and business teams to create an unforgettable experience for our customers. From streaming products like NOW, to providing smart entertainment products like Sky Glass and Sky Go, and creating unforgettable Connected Living experiences, we’re the problem solvers who find smarter and simpler ways to connect customers to more of what they love.
The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences
How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.
Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Why wait?
Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.
To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
48,48,"Overview
To provide exceptional customer service to internal and external stakeholders by providing support for Member, Employer and trustee facing online solutions.



Key Accountabilities and main responsibilities
Strategic Focus
Investigate and resolve all production support issues for supported products
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to resolve production issues
Monitor all online products to achieve 24 / 7 up time
Conduct verification testing following the deployment of changes to supported products.
Escalate all client issues and ensure their resolution in a timely manner
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Reconcile SuperStream, SBR and MIC messaging functions
Deliver a level of service that meets or exceeds customer expectations by:
Meeting all agreed service standards including internal deliverables effectively with other teams within Link, to ensure quality client servicing
Managing interactions with Trustees, Fund employees & business representatives in a professional manner
People Leadership
Participate as a positive member of the team by co-operating with others to achieve the team’s goals
Governance & Risk
Work closely with the wider business to conduct business impact assessments following the deployment of changes to supported products
Ensure compliance with all legislative, policy, and procedural requirements.
Experience & Personal Attributes
Excellent communication skills – written and verbal correspondence
Demonstrated skills in customer service
Good problem solving abilities and technical expertise
Strong attention to detail
Excellent relationship building skills to address and respond to member and client requests
Able to generate creative solutions to address problems and commit to follow through
Focused on continuous improvement
Coaching and mentoring other staff to assist in learning and development
Be an effective team player
Strong Microsoft Office suite skills
Understanding of relevant Superannuation legislation and industry knowledge
Understanding of the Link member and employer facing applications
Understanding of the SDLC


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


Our Retirement & Superannuation Solutions division combines its proprietary technology, process and people to deliver a comprehensive financial data solution to its superannuation clients. We support clients across all superannuation fund sectors including government, industry, retail and corporate.
By accompanying our core member and employer administration with a full range of value-added services, we offer the most comprehensive superannuation administration solution on the market. The scale, adaptability and ease of use of our proprietary systems, in conjunction with our integrated analytics offering, allow us to innovate and grow with the needs of our clients.
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
49,49,"Overview:
Essense Designs is an international bridal wholesaler with key offices in Perth, Australia and Lenexa, Kansas. Our growing organisation has additional locations in the United Kingdom, Europe, Canada, and New Zealand. We have been a global leader in bridal fashion for over 20 years and our designs are currently sold in over 1,500 stores worldwide. With innovative designs and a strong customer service approach, Essense Designs is a dynamic and rapidly-expanding company that rewards excellence, drive and collaboration.


The Role
We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst with excellent analytical and problem-solving capabilities to join our rapidly growing business. The ideal candidate will enjoy the challenge of analysing our vast multi-source data to produce meaningful and insightful supply chain dashboards. In this role you will deep dive into our data and processes to identify opportunities to reduce costs, support senior management in decision making and provide insights for improvements.
Responsibilities:
What We Expect:
The successful candidate will be an enthusiastic and proactive individual with great analytical skills, that thrives in a fast-paced, agile environment and always strives for excellence.


Support the daily, and long-term strategic needs of our supply chain team by providing timely reporting and data support
Work closely with the supply chain team and the wider business developing reports that will require data extraction, normalisation, and conversion into meaningful graphs and KPIs
Analyse and monitor all KPI reporting
Provide actionable insights through analytics
Pivot between different initiatives quickly to support projects as needed while being able to work at a micro and macro level.
Continuous focus on improving relevant operational performance and productivity


Qualifications:
Who We Are Looking For:
We are seeking a data analyst with an eye for detail and ability to quickly grasp new concepts, identify operational anomalies and communicate trends. If you are an intellectually curious analyst, a team player, accountable communicator, and a strategic thinker with a proven ability to navigate complex supply chain problems, we look forward to exploring what you have to offer:

1+ years’ experience as an Analyst or similar analytical role.
Bachelor’s degree in data science, business, supply chain, management information systems or equivalent.
Experience with market leading BI tools (Qlik, PowerBI, Domo, Tableau) will be highly regarded
Advanced Excel skills (Power Query, Power Pivot)
Strong interpersonal and stakeholder management skills
Comfortable working with large sets of data, both qualitative and quantitative, from varied sources to drive efficiency through data
Experience creating reports/graphs (visual representations)
Ability to interpret data, make observations & recommendations
Effective problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
What We Offer:

We look forward to welcoming the successful candidate to our fast-growing global team! In return for your skills, we offer you the opportunity to join an international industry leader and be part of a creative and collaborative culture that empowers its people, promotes teamwork and embraces sustainability. We recognise and reward excellence, innovation, and loyalty. Our goal is to offer an inspirational and modern workplace that allows for talent individuals to thrive."
0,0,"SENIOR DATA SERVICE ANALYST (JOB NUMBER: C D000402)


Overall Job Purpose
The Data Service Analyst role sits within the Data as a Service Client Delivery team, and is responsible for support and delivery of Data as a Service.
The role performs day to day oversight of Data As a Service related reporting services that are produced by the offshore hub location in Chennai.
The Senior Data Service Analyst will interact directly with Australian based clients to ensure a high quality service delivery experience, by responding to client queries and resolving issues.
The Senior Data Service Analyst will work on service optimization and change management tasks for designated clients, and prepare and participate in service review meetings, workshops and system demonstrations.
The main objectives of the Data Service Client Delivery team are to:
Receive daily investment data (Holdings, transactions, security attributes etc) from multiple external custodians, internal sources, and private equity data administrators via multiple feeds through the day.
Management of cross domain data sets and services, including benchmark and security referential data from vendors
Normalise, aggregate and validate this data, applying specific business rules to enhance the output.
Feed the results via a series of daily data files to the client including their 3rd Party software solutions
Support maintenance of client facing user interfaces allowing updating of account hierarchies, look through mapping, specific position updates and security referential overrides.


This role is in a recently created team to support the roll out of a new product for BNP Paribas, and thus there will be significant implementation and set up involved, including UAT testing, explaining and validating results with clients, and development of new processes and procedures.


Areas of responsibilities
Service Delivery
Support the delivery of all data as a service products to BNP Paribas Australian clients. Develop and maintain relationships with clients to ensure provision of high level of service
Oversight responsibilities for Data Service activity based in our global operations hub in Chennai, and/or in AU
Technical contact point for clarification and resolution of reporting queries received from the hub location or the client, and main point of contract for resolution of issues with IT support teams.
Ensure ongoing high level of client service
Meet or liaise regularly with clients to ensure the service delivery is of a high standard, maintaining a strong focus on timeliness and accuracy as measured by service KPIs and KQIs, including production of monthly KPI packs.
Interact regularly with key local (RM’s, CSM’s, as well as third party custodians and fund administrators) and international stake holders to ensure preferred outcomes
Deliver demonstrations and presentations to clients (or prospective clients) as they relate to Data as a Service
Projects & Change
Support client change control aimed at developing, extending, or improving the existing service received by the client
Support new activity set up and onboarding activities
Help define business specification documents, create test & implementation plans, support and maintain project governance documents
Seek to optimise end to end production under oversight, working transversally across the business as required


Contributive responsibilities (how the role contributes to the success of business line / function)
Deliver service to our clients accurately and on time, thus reinforcing and building client relationship, leading to new business opportunities
Ensure operational risk is captured and addressed, securing our functional capabilities
Ensure appropriate procedures and risk and control guidelines are adhered to within the team through processes and checking. Monitor adherence to the Risk and Control Matrix through undertaking Controlled Self-Assessment
Support the growth of our commercial relationships with our clients


Technical skills and experience
Required: -
Understanding of data system architecture and systems such as MapR, Hadoop and AB initio
Strong practical understanding of Data Certification and the controls required to ensure accurate and complete data delivery
Experience working within middle office, investment and performance analysis or fund accounting environment
Strong practical understanding of ABOR and IBOR with multiple instrument types, including derivatives and how they should be treated within investment accounting and performance measurement
Strong practical understanding of market data indices (S&P/ASX, MSCI, etc), characteristics (duration, Greeks etc), and classification schemes (GICS, BICS, etc.)
Knowledge of private investments and their specifics around account and valuations
Knowledge of performance, attribution, risk and other advanced investment reporting, and an understanding of the data required to support these calculations
Proven client service skills
Practical experience liaising with and explaining results to clients and internal stake holders
Strong Microsoft excel skills, Excel VBA skills, Access database experience, SQL knowledge


Qualifications
Tertiary qualification
Industry specific qualifications such as CIPM, CFA, etc desirable.


Competencies
Accountability – takes personal responsibility, delivers against personal and team goals
Flexibility – positive and flexible approach to identify preferred solutions to issues and problems
Results focused – understand the strategic objectives of the business as well as the team; work to ensure their achievement with a quality focus.
Client focus – delivers consistently a high standard of client service , aiming to achieve all client deliverables within KPI, and operating in line with the departmental code of conduct
Teamwork – work cohesively with a team of senior professionals to define and deliver against strategy, demonstrates sound intuition and political awareness
Innovation – maintain a constant focus on process efficiency with the aim of increasing scalability and client experience
Communication – effective verbal and written communication & effective interpersonal ability
Maturity & Judgment - Demonstrates the ability to deal effectively with complex issues, learns from experience, assesses issues using relevant information and applying intuition.
Time Management – Prioritise and manage client requests and the teams execution of key tasks
Primary Location
: AU-NSW-Sydney
Job Type
: Standard / Permanent
Job
: DATA
Education Level : Bachelor Degree or equivalent (>= 3 years)
Experience Level : Not Indicated"
1,1,"Location:
North Sydney, New South Wales


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Telecommunications


Salary:
Negotiable


Reference:
CR/011130_1651040000


Our client, a large North Sydney based telco organisation, is looking for a Business Analyst.
About the role
Work on a Proactive Assurance project
Gather and document business requirements
Analyse and model internal processes
Analyse commercial data
Skills and experience
4+ years' experience as a Business Analyst
Extensive requirement and process analysis experience
Telco background preferred
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
What's on offer
6+ months' engagement
Hybrid work, with 1-2 days/week in the office
Up to $800 inc super per day or fix-term salary
What's next
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Who we are
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries. These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights."
2,2,"Are you dedicated to data mining, interpreting, and visually presenting timely and insightful reports and findings on all Ministry marketing and operational activities?
Vision Christian Media is looking for a skilled and experienced Data Research and Analytics Coordinator to join our ministry team.
Full-time position.
Brisbane location (Springwood).
Immediate start.
Applications close at midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022.
The Opportunity
This is a team member role accountable to the Digital Media department manager, and working within the Media, Marketing and Communications division.
Vision began in community radio and printed publications. However, with the growth of multi-media digital platforms, social media and online activity, this strategically important role has been created to enable Vison too effectively, understand and respond to market forces and trends. As well as the needs of our internal stakeholders and external financial supporters and media followers, so we may always improve our management decision-making, products and services. As well as, being productive, wise and accountable for our actions in fulfilling our mission.
The successful applicant will be responsible to assist in the planning, researching, interpretation and visual presentation of data on all operational, audience, customer and supporter touchpoints for management reporting.
This is more than just a job; it is also a ministry opportunity and part of a personal gifting and calling to serve.
About Vision Christian Media
Vision Christian Media is a non-profit ministry organization, dedicated to bringing the Good News of the Gospel throughout Australia since 1986.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the country turn to us daily for encouragement, uplifting music and compelling messages through broadcast radio, printed and digital publications, podcasts, apps, and websites. We also operate a telephone prayer service and online store – all to help people look to God daily.
The Role
The Data Research and Analytics Coordinator role requires someone with deep analytical skills. Experience and competence using available analytics dashboards and services (like Google analytics). Design, build and maintain a database of regular reports and analysis as required for all digital, marketing and communications activity.
Core to your role is to gather market intelligence and deep dive into company performance data to analyse, see patterns and report in words and charts our market and operational performance. As well as, advise and recommend Vision’s online community strategy, increase awareness and trust in Vision’s brand through better data driven strategic planning, customer engagement, marketing content and coordinated digital campaigns.
Requirements for the role
The ideal applicant will have:
Appropriate sector qualification(s) and experience.
Up to date knowledge and skillsets for this type of role.
Experience with Google Analytics, Firebase, Meta Suite Analytics.
Knowledge of standard query language.
Proven ability to discern, select, develop, and present insightful reports.
Willingness to step up, investigate and recommend ideas where appropriate.
Great cross-organisational communication skills.
Proven ability to multitask in a busy environment.
Good time management skills.
Strong awareness and motivation in the pursuit of excellence.
Mature, balanced and wise judgment.
Willingness to align with our organisation’s mission, values and core beliefs
How to apply
This full-time position is based at our offices in Springwood, Queensland.
If this role sounds like you and would like to join our dynamic team, please email your resume and cover letter by midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022 to people@vision.org.au.
Your cover letter should be no more than two pages:
Tell us why you are interested in this position.
Demonstrate you have the skills, experience and heart to be successful in the role.
Only applicants with rights to work in Australia are eligible to apply.
The position will be filled when the right candidate is identified; early applications are encouraged."
3,3,"An opportunity currently exists for an experienced corporate lending business analyst and functional SME to join the Specialised and Asset Finance division.
In this position, you will work closely with business stakeholders to understand their business and transaction needs then partner with our aligned technology team to deliver fit for purpose solutions within the Finastra Loan IQ product.
You will have previous experience with configuration of LoanIQ as well as sound understanding of accounting for corporate lending activity. You will also have been involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle from testing of vendor upgrades and patches, managing defects and providing business users with training in new functionality.
Working across all of Macquarie’s operating groups you will provide functional support to operational teams in their day to day use of the system as well as liaising with finance and data teams to ensure that downstream records are accurate.
To be successful in this role, you will have:
Minimum of 2 years experience using and configuring Finastra Loan IQ or other corporate lending platform
The ability to communicate with a broad range of stakeholders with strong influencing and relationship management capabilities
Strong attention to detail with a proven ability to meet deadlines and prioritize
Excellent problem solving skills and an ability to work under pressure
About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-960722
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Business Development & Sales, Commodities, Data & Analytics, Technology, Risk Management, Trading
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Recruiter: Annali O'Neill
Opening Date: 08/5/2022"
4,4,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there’s flexibility for balance and the support you need. We know that flexible work comes in different forms, that’s why we’re embracing hybrid teams - enabling employees to maintain a balance of working both in the office and remote, supporting the needs of both the business and individual. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let’s care for everyone’s tomorrow so we can create a better future together.


Senior Reporting Analyst – Technical | NSW – Sydney


Support the Allianz business with your data management & visualisation skills
You will engage with product managers & stakeholders to understand their needs
Blend your MicroStrategy knowledge with your Financial Services experience


Want to know how it feels to be genuinely supported to grow and develop your career?


This role sits within our Technical Division which is responsible for pricing, portfolio management, reinsurance and underwriting services. We drive the development and embedding of the product and pricing frameworks for Allianz’s General Insurance portfolios.


As Senior Reporting Analyst, you will be asked to develop, implement and maintain the management information and reporting framework for Policy Operations.


You'll be responsible for:
Develop and implement the framework creating and centralising the reporting framework, utilising analytical insight to drive business process improvement opportunities.
Provide comprehensive divisional reporting that will help in delivering performance improvement in accordance with business unit requirements, assisting the management team in defining, monitoring, forecasting and analysing business unit issues to optimise performance.
Enable management and staff to have appropriate access to information and tools to facilitate efficient management processes and business decision making through development and consultation with business leads.
Develop, plan, and execute Operational Initiatives which drive process automation.
Develop technical business requirements for all project reporting initiatives, analysing effort, performance and automation capabilities, utilising analytical insight to drive business process improvement opportunities.
Leverage Management Operating System (MOS) to drive Operational Excellence.


Important to your success:
Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline.
Experience of working in a data analytics and reporting service role for a complex, matrixed general insurance organisation.
Experience in Operational Improvement systems and methodologies combined with knowledge of, and experience in resource planning software such as Enlighten and Verint.
Able to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively, organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Demonstrated evidence of technical proficiency with systems, software, databases, reporting and communication tools.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.


About us
At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there’s flexibility for balance and the support you need. We know that flexible work comes in different forms, that’s why we’re embracing hybrid teams - enabling employees to maintain a balance of working both in the office and remote, supporting the needs of both the business and individual.


Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. We do this through delivering a great customer experience that is the result of appreciating each other every single day, showing heart by really listening and seeing things from the perspective of others by always asking, ""how can I help?"". Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.


As a requirement of your role, it may be necessary from time to time for you to attend the workplace. In accordance with our COVID-19 Vaccination Policy, all entrants to Allianz operated workplaces in Australia (includes attending a customer or vendor site to conduct work on behalf of Allianz), must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (includes booster shot, where mandated by local health authority), unless the employee can present a valid medical exemption certificate.


Let’s care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers


#LI-ALLIANZAU #LI-Hybrid"
5,5,"Organisation/Entity: Sydney Trains
Job Category: Projects
Job Location: Alexandria, NSW, AU, 2015
Job Ref No: 63245
Employment Type: Fixed Term Full-Time
Salary Range: $140053.0-$154443.0
About us


At Sydney Trains, our rail services keep Sydney moving by putting our customers at the centre of everything we do. We work with our local communities to deliver safe, timely and efficient rail services 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Our trains and network are evolving to meet the needs of our customers now and well into the future. We’re continuing to integrate technological innovations that help us deliver a smarter and more sustainable network.


About the team


As part of the Strategy, Portfolio and Investment branch of Sydney Trains, the Reporting, Analytics and Insights (RAI) team is passionate about turning data into information and insights to help the business make better decisions and drive action.


With a strong focus on making the right choices and value delivery, we partner with the business to support decision making by providing easy access to efficient, trusted and governed reporting, analytics and insights and ensuring data is used to provide transparency, visibility and accountability.


The opportunity


Right now, we have a temporary full-time opportunity (to March 2023) for an innovative and energetic Business Systems and Data Analyst to join our advanced Reporting, Analytics & Insights team.


You will have the unique opportunity to partner with our Sydney Trains Planning division to develop and maintain technical reporting and data warehousing solutions critical for supporting our timetable production and distribution / publication processes, and to advise on all Service Planning technical solutions for timetabling software from a design perspective.


This role will input into master data management and data governance strategies to ensure data design and maintenance is managed correctly across all systems and tools. It also provides support to the timetable planners using the various software packages to triage system issues and troubleshoot.


You will enjoy doing truly meaningful work that has a real impact on the people and economy of NSW.


What you will be involved in:


Designing and managing master and meta data management strategies
Developing and documenting the data governance processes for service planning
Providing Operational reporting design and development services for service planning timetable staff
Translating business requirements and business problems for third party software vendors and for Sydney Trains IT staff
Supporting third party software vendors and Sydney Trains IT staff with data mapping and integration design for a number of business critical projects
Supporting business users with troubleshooting and triaging issues with software packages utilised on a day-to-day basis


Please click here to view the role description.


About you


You will be tertiary qualified in Computer Science or IT with demonstrated experience in the development, management and support of enterprise applications over the software development lifecycle.


With your strong deep-dive analysis skills and systems management background, you are comfortable advising and influencing other teams other stakeholders on best system and data management strategies.


Demonstrated technical knowledge of IT systems related to passenger and freight timetabling and possession management will be highly regarded.


Our ideal candidate will also be highly versed in data analysis and reporting using Oracle, SQL Server and Tableau.


Salary and benefits


The salary for this position is RC7A ($143,555) – RC7E ($157,945) per annum plus superannuation and leave loading.


For more information on the benefits of working with Sydney Trains, read our Employee benefits guide.


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and answer all questions within the online application process.


Applications close: 11:59pm, Sunday 5th June 2022.


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them and their teams. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Jade Abalos at JADE.ABALOS@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.


Apply today to register your interest!

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process with Sydney Trains.

Find out more about Sydney Trains at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/sydneytrains/about-sydney-trains.

Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:


appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Database, Systems Analyst, Temporary, Oracle, ERP, Technology, Contract"
6,6,"The role:
Type : Permanent
Location: Brisbane or East Brisbane
WFH : 2 days a week
About:
You will be working side by side with the Pricing Manager to develop and execute various decisions and strategies across the organization to ensure profitability, growth and sustainability.
In this role you will have the opportunity to work with various stakeholders (Internal and External)
Some key Responsibilities:
– You will be responsible for gathering, structuring and analysing data.
– You will play a key role in helping to improve the quality and effectiveness of the pricing process through (new data, new modelling techniques)
– You will be responsible for developing and understanding different statistical models (cost, competitor price etc)
– You will help ensure portfolio growth and profitability.
Key Requirements:
– Previous experience with R /SAS / SQL / Python – Previous experience applying advanced pricing techniques where applicable using GLMs/ GBMs.
– Stakeholder engagement experience.
– Previous Insurance experience (Desired)
– Post Graduate Degree (Mathematics, Accounting, Data Science etc)"
7,7,"Work Type : Full Time
Location : QLD
Join a high performing team with great development opportunities
Innovative, dynamic and fast paced environment
Based in Auto & General’s Head Office – Brisbane, Australia
The Role:

The newly created Travel Underwriting Analyst role will be supporting the Travel Underwriting Manager with product development, risk selection and day-to-day management of the Travel Insurance portfolio. The successful candidate will leverage their data analytics and market research skills and abilities to identify, assess, develop and implement product and policy wording changes and recommend rate changes aimed at profitably growing A&G’s Travel Insurance portfolio. The Travel Underwriting Analyst will support new product development while continuing to develop their technical product and underwriting expertise.



Accountabilities:

Reporting to the Travel Underwriting Manager, the successful candidate will be responsible for:
Maintaining and updating a centralised register of all A&G’s Travel Insurance product benefits, paid options, sub-limits and rate tables.
Supporting the documentation, maintenance and update of A&G’s Travel Product Disclosure Statements, Underwriting Guidelines and Underwriting and Product Design Policies.
Conducting periodic and ad-hoc market scan to research, identify and propose improvements to existing product coverage and development of new products, cover types, benefits and/or options.
Collaborating with the Claims and Internal Disputes Resolution functions to keep track of all Travel-related complaints and systematically review emerging issues, recommending and pursuing improvements to policy wording, product coverage and/or underwriting process.
Ensuring the products meet customer expectations and comply with applicable and upcoming regulatory requirements.
Reviewing and providing input on projects and initiatives from a product and underwriting perspective, including assisting with implementation, testing and post-implementation reviews.
Monitoring, interpreting and analysing trends in Travel insurance portfolio, policy and claims data.



Knowledge and Experience:
ESSENTIAL
2+ year experience within retail/ mass-market insurance lines, preferably in Underwriting, Product Development, and/or Portfolio Management; prior experience in direct distribution Travel Insurance (Leisure) will be highly regarded.
Previous experience in managing multiple competing tasks through to execution, including management of cross-functional projects and initiatives.
Knowledge of relevant regulatory framework, compliance and insurance legislation.
Excellent numerical and analytical skills to monitor and interpret insurance portfolio, policy and claims data.
Ability to communicate clearly and logically both in writing and verbally, across all levels of the organisation.
Ability to respond rapidly and positively to change and to work under pressure to deliver outcomes with competing priorities, both autonomously and in a collaborative team environment.
Experience managing and completing User Acceptance Testing.



DESIRABLE
Previous experience in updating insurance Product Disclosure Statements wordings.
Tertiary qualification in a relevant discipline, e.g. business administration, economics, commerce, law, finance.



Who are Auto & General:
Auto & General is the Australian arm of a private global group with 8,000 employees across 31 offices and over 8.9 million customers worldwide.

In Australia, Auto & General launched in 2000 and has grown to provide industry-leading motor, home and travel insurance products both directly through Budget Direct and via industry leading partnerships. With an Australian team of 1400+ we are now looking for talented individuals who can help drive our ambitious growth plans.

Our Benefits:
Toowong - City fringe location;
Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebration, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites;
Enjoy additional leave days - ���ME’ leave and ‘Volunteer Day’ leave;
Study support (up to 50% of tuition fees for relevant courses) and professional membership reimbursement;
Employee discounts on Car, Home, Travel insurance, Roadside Assistance;
Income protection insurance provided to support you in the event of non-work related illness or injury;
Discounts with a broad range of providers, including gym memberships, accommodation, dental care and more.



Auto & General welcome and value diversity in the workplace

*A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business. #LI-155866361_SR1"
8,8,"Australian Business Registry Services, Modernising Business Registry Program
Various locations in ACT, NSW, QLD, SA & VIC
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $86,247 - $99,027 + 15.4% super
We are seeking motivated Specialist Business Analysts to join our Modernising Business Registry Program team.

As a Specialist Business Analyst, in our Australian Business Registry Services (ABRS) business area, you’ll apply technical skills and domain knowledge when working with stakeholders to identify, define and prioritise business needs and extract requirements.

You will document and present required conditions and capabilities in a clear and consistent manner that will design and deliver tailored business solutions for the Modernising Business Registers Program.

You will provide specialist technical advice to synthesise complex insights and analysis into easy to understand and actionable options. You’ll also ensure artefacts such as requirements, data models and process maps are developed to support business readiness and delivery.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Adelaide, Brisbane CBD, Canberra, Melbourne CBD, Traralgon or Wollongong."
9,9,"Overview
To provide exceptional customer service to internal and external stakeholders by providing support for Member, Employer and trustee facing online solutions.



Key Accountabilities and main responsibilities
Strategic Focus
Investigate and resolve all production support issues for supported products
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to resolve production issues
Monitor all online products to achieve 24 / 7 up time
Conduct verification testing following the deployment of changes to supported products.
Escalate all client issues and ensure their resolution in a timely manner
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Reconcile SuperStream, SBR and MIC messaging functions
Deliver a level of service that meets or exceeds customer expectations by:
Meeting all agreed service standards including internal deliverables effectively with other teams within Link, to ensure quality client servicing
Managing interactions with Trustees, Fund employees & business representatives in a professional manner
People Leadership
Participate as a positive member of the team by co-operating with others to achieve the team’s goals
Governance & Risk
Work closely with the wider business to conduct business impact assessments following the deployment of changes to supported products
Ensure compliance with all legislative, policy, and procedural requirements.
Experience & Personal Attributes
Excellent communication skills – written and verbal correspondence
Demonstrated skills in customer service
Good problem solving abilities and technical expertise
Strong attention to detail
Excellent relationship building skills to address and respond to member and client requests
Able to generate creative solutions to address problems and commit to follow through
Focused on continuous improvement
Coaching and mentoring other staff to assist in learning and development
Be an effective team player
Strong Microsoft Office suite skills
Understanding of relevant Superannuation legislation and industry knowledge
Understanding of the Link member and employer facing applications
Understanding of the SDLC


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


Our Retirement & Superannuation Solutions division combines its proprietary technology, process and people to deliver a comprehensive financial data solution to its superannuation clients. We support clients across all superannuation fund sectors including government, industry, retail and corporate.
By accompanying our core member and employer administration with a full range of value-added services, we offer the most comprehensive superannuation administration solution on the market. The scale, adaptability and ease of use of our proprietary systems, in conjunction with our integrated analytics offering, allow us to innovate and grow with the needs of our clients.
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
10,10,"Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
In accordance with Nike’s Covid Safety Policy you must be fully vaccinated against Covid-19 with an approved Covid-19 vaccine, or hold a valid medical exemption in order to be eligible for this role. Nike will not be collecting any personal information with regards to your vaccination status in this application, however you will be required to satisfy Nike that you have met the mandatory vaccination requirements (such as by submitting evidence of your vaccination status to Nike) if you are successful. Please do not proceed with this application if you will not be able to fulfil these requirements. Any offers of employment will be conditional on candidates providing Nike with their vaccination information.

As an Operation Analyst, you will be responsible for analysing and identifying improvement opportunities for current state processes and working cross-functionally to compile and convey data driving business improvement. Reporting into and working closely with the Account Operations Manager, you will engage stakeholders through reporting and insight, identifying initiatives spanning multiple internal and external stakeholders that will improve business performance. You will communicate with clarity, establish strong relationships through report interpretation, data analysis & visualization using a variety of tools and mediums.

WHAT WILL YOU WORK ON?


Access, execute, and leverage standard and ad hoc reports to support the direct ship program in Australia and New Zealand
Drive operational efficiency across the marketplace
Create compelling data analysis & visualisation
Engage and implement GEO led initiatives in the Pacific marketplace
Provide solutions to moderately complex or infrequently occurring problems by using existing guidelines or procedures
Suggest improvements to existing processes and solutions.

WHO WILL YOU WORK WITH?


Communicate & Influence key stakeholders on existing processes/capabilities
Cross-functional engagement across Operations, Finance, Merch, Planning, Tech & Marketing
Relationship management with external Account Team
Manage operational escalations with Logistics Team
Provide peer mentorship and training.
WHAT YOU BRING TO NIKE?


Experience with data and analytics
Ability to build strong relationships with key stakeholders
Ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment
Strong time management skills and critical thinking
Strong presentation skills
High school diploma or equivalent and a minimum of 4 years relevant work experience
Ability to work independently
Retail knowledge highly regarded
Strong written and verbal communication
Experience with MS Office & SAP a plus.

APPLICATION DEADLINE IS FRIDAY 4th OF MARCH.
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability."
11,11,"Date: 05-May-2022

Location:
Canberra, ACT, AU

Department: Audit and Assurance

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27662

Join a team of diverse professionals and be a part of meaningful and exciting projects
Unlimited career progression opportunities, professional development, and mentorship
Choose from a variety of flex options through Deloitte Experience

In the past year our Canberra team has grown immensely, and we are not planning to slow down. We have multiple opportunities available for experienced Accountants with a drive to grow and succeed.

About the team

In Accounting Reporting Assurance, we are specialists in finance function transformation, accounting change, financial management, complex transactions accounting advice, specialised finance outsourcing, costing and Federal Government budget management matters.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

As a Senior Analyst, you will be working within a team to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of clients’ finance functions, make better decisions and navigate the complexities of financial management and accounting issues. You could be working on a variety of projects including financial and management reporting, finance transformation, regulatory compliance, and accounting advice. Tasks that you may come across on a day-to-day basis within the Government advisory team in Canberra are as follows:

Assist in the development of Internal and External Budgets and improving the reporting framework
Manage the relationship with the Australian National Audit Office with accounting technical matters
Responding to enquiries from Senate Committees, the Prime Minister, Cabinet, Department of Finance and individual senators on key components of large Federal Department spend on national and regional levels
Financial analysis to aid Federal Department stakeholders work out how they can help in super-charging the Australian economy in response to COVID
Financial analysis of Federal Departments in response to national events like the Bushfire and COVID

What are we looking for:
We’re looking for candidates with a combination of the following:

Bachelor or equivalent degree in accounting, finance or a related area
Holds or studying toward a CA/CPA qualification (or equivalent)
Between 3 – 5 years of experience in finance, accounting, external audit or a related field
Skills in technical and/or management accounting and budgeting
Well-developed relationship management skills
Excellent collaborative skills, precision thinking and a dedicated work ethic
An existing security clearance would be advantageous

Due to the client requirements, all candidates must undergo a security clearance and as such, only Australian citizens will be considered for this role.

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space.

#A&A"
12,12,"Here at Lactalis, we are true to our purpose: we are a family business offering healthy and delicious dairy products that bring people together. And, we just happen to be the worldwide leader in what we do.


At the heart of our Australian business we have over 2,200 passionate employees, working closely with our farmers, customers and consumers to produce the finest dairy products in the country. Pillar brands such as Paul’s, OAK, Ice Break, Tamar Valley Dairy, Vaalia, President and Galbani provide Lactalis Australia with a deep national footprint for growth and prosperity.


About this Opportunity
Based at our South Brisbane head office, this exciting opportunity is for a permanent SAP BI Analyst to join our team. You will report through to the BI Team Lead and will be an integral part of our IT Applications team!
Relevant skills and experience include:
Must:
Minimum of 5 years of experience in SAP BI
Expertise with SAP BO Analysis for Office (AFO),Webi and Lumira
Good communication skills (Verbal and written)
Must have worked on at least one end-to-end implementation of BW on HANA
Experience in installing and testing end-to-end standard content
Should have client facing skills for requirement gathering and change requests.
Must have experience in coordinating with different functional teams and client for requirements and creating functional specs.
Should be able to work as a part of team or independently.
Extensive experience in handling BODS (Data services) as an ETL tool.
Should have experience in handling SQL part of BODS.
Basic understanding in BI Platform administration.
Hands on experience in BW on HANA and BO support, which includes monitoring BO landscape 7 jobs, enhancements, performance optimizations, BW process chain monitoring etc.,
Good to Have
Knowledge in Native HANA (writing procedure, functions, routines etc.,)
Handling Native HANA objects and real time data replication and hybrid scenario using BW and HANA.
Having functional knowledge w.r.t to all the modules in S/4 HANA or ECC is an added advantage
Architectural experience, especially in LSA ++
Experience in extracting data from S/4 HANA, ECC and third party datasources
Experience in handling BW ABAP both in BW and SAP Sources.


Your ability to build relationships and achieve results will only add to your success. If you are a dedicated individual, possess an engaging approach and pride yourself on your attention to detail, have the ambition, drive and competency to succeed in this role, please apply now!



Job Segment: Business Intelligence, SAP, ERP, SQL, Database, Technology"
13,13,"Job Description:
About Bank of America
Our purpose as a firm is to make financial lives better, through the power of every connection. Across the world, we partner with leading corporate and institutional investors through our offices in more than 35 countries. In the U.S. alone, we serve almost all of the Fortune 500 companies and approximately 67 million consumer and small-business clients. We provide a full suite of financial products and services, from banking and investments to asset and risk management. We cover a broad range of asset classes, making us a global leader in corporate and investment banking, sales and trading.
Connecting Asia Pacific to the world
Our Asia Pacific team is spread across 19 cities in 12 markets. We are focused on connecting Asia to the world and the world to Asia, using our global expertise to ensure success is shared between us, our clients and our communities. Our regional footprint covers 12 currencies, more than a dozen languages and five time zones, placing us firmly among the region’s leading financial services companies.
The Team
The Australian Equities Research Team focuses on producing high quality and insightful research on listed companies and industry sectors in the Australian region, as well as on global thematic trends impacting sectors under coverage. The team looks to build long-term relationships with, and provide research and analysis to, regional and global institutional investment firms, listed and unlisted companies and key industry players. We require an Associate to join the Consumer team.
The Role
An opportunity exists for a Research Analyst to join our highly rated and dynamic Australian Resources Equity Research team, supporting the senior analysts covering the Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas sectors. The ideal candidate will have an excellent academic record with a degree in Mining Engineering, Geology, Accounting or related field; at least 2-3 years of relevant work experience – preferably in a banking, sell-side equity research, buy-side or mining related field; a passion for equities research and the Resources sector; excellent writing and financial modelling skills and be highly motivated.
Responsibilities
Contribute to the publication of thought provoking, insightful and valuable research reports on issues or topics impacting the Australian Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas companies and sectors.
Meet with company management and investor relations.
Maintain a detailed knowledge of the Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas companies and commodities markets.
Build financial models to value Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas projects and companies.
Assist with client requests for data and information.
Assist in the design and preparation of analyst marketing materials
Collaborate with domestic, regional and global colleagues on research projects
Develop relationships and interacting with colleagues in research, equity sales and trading, as well as institutional clients, investor relations, company management and other industry participants.
Be responsible for the specific analysis of individual companies and their equities within metals and mining and oil and gas sector
Produce regular reports summarizing findings and predictions, as well as responsibility for the sector news flow and contributing to overall sector views/pieces
Preferred Background and qualifications/skills
Excellent academic record with a degree in Mining Engineering, Geology, Accounting or related field.
Strong understanding of the global commodities, metals and mining and oil and gas sectors.
At least 2-3 years of relevant work experience – preferably in a banking, sell-side equity research, buy-side or mining related field.
Excellent financial modelling skills and a solid grounding in financial/accounting fundamentals.
Ability to interpret and analyze company’s financial statements, announcements and industry news in order to write research report from the findings.
Meticulous attention to detail, self-driven to deliver results and take responsibility for the outcomes are essential for the role.
Highly motivated, proactive with high level of enthusiasm for equity research.
Demonstrated ability to think logically and creatively, generate ideas and exercise good judgment.
Job Band:
H6
Shift:
Hours Per Week:
38
Weekly Schedule:
Referral Bonus Amount:
0"
14,14,"Budget & Financial Reporting Group / Budget Policy & Coordination Division / Budget Estimates and Advice Branch
APS 6 ($88,157 - $107,593) | Ongoing & Non-ongoing | Full-time & Part-time
Canberra, ACT
ABOUT THE BRANCH

The Budget Estimates and Advice Branch is responsible for the overall management of the Budget process, including advising the Government on the timetable for the Budget and other economic updates. The Branch supports government decision-making on expenditure, including through analysis and advice on program estimates to the Expenditure Review Committee (ERC) of Cabinet, develops Finance’s input into Budget Paper 2, and provides analysis on the Final Budget Outcome (FBO) report. The Branch undertakes and facilitates research, analysis and modelling to build the evidence base on Budget priorities and long-term fiscal pressures. The Branch is also the key liaison point for working with the Parliamentary Budget Office (PBO).

ABOUT THE ROLE

The Senior Data Analyst of the Budget Analytics and Visualisation team will deliver analysis projects to improve the efficiency and quality of Government spending. The successful candidate will need to establish credibility and trusted expertise, be a collaborative team member and have proven stakeholder engagement and project management skills.

The role involves conducting complex, cross-portfolio policy analysis and providing data-based insights that use best-practice analytical methodologies. Integrated Commonwealth microdata assets and other contextual data sets are used by the team to explore policy influences and impacts. This supports Finance’s Agency Advice Units in providing advice to Government by adding analytical rigour to the analysis of new and existing policies and programs.

The team interprets findings and presents insights through written and visual products for a diverse audience (including Ministers and the ERC). The Senior Data Analyst will work with the team and Agency Advice Units to identify and produce new insights on key policies and programs. The role also requires supporting the team to implement data governance, quality assurance and analytics capability building across BFR.

WHAT DOES FINANCE OFFER YOU?

You will influence the development of public policy and the future of Australia’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The opportunity to use your strong analytical and communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, resilience and leadership capabilities,
Expand your career pathways and networks.
We offer competitive salaries, access to flex and paid overtime.
We provide access to an extensive learning and development calendar and options for paid study and studies assistance.

DETAILED VACANCY INFORMATION

For detailed information about this role, including the job specific capabilities, please refer to the downloadable job pack, which can be accessed by clicking the hyperlink at the bottom of this page.

ELIGIBILITY ADVICE & CANDIDATE NOTES


Under section 22(8) of the Public Service Act 1999, employees must be Australian citizens to be employed in the Australian Public Service (APS) unless the Agency Head has agreed otherwise, in writing.
Successful applicants will be required to undergo the process to obtain and maintain, or continue to hold the required security clearance level for the role as indicated in the downloadable job pack. All Finance staff are required to have a minimum baseline security clearance prior to commencement.
This role is being advertised as both ongoing and non-ongoing. Roles may be offered as either ongoing or non-ongoing subject to business needs and/or candidate preference. Where a non-ongoing position is offered, the role will be filled as a specified term vacancy for an initial period of up to 18 months. Specified term vacancies may be offer for a maximum of 18 months initially, and be extended up to a maximum period of three years.

CONTACT INFORMATION


For questions relating to the online lodgement of your application, please email the Recruitment team via recruitment@finance.gov.au or call (02) 6215 1717 between 8:30am - 5:00pm AEST Monday to Friday.
For specific questions relating to this job vacancy, please refer to the details on the contact officer located in the downloadable job pack."
15,15,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Brisbane, QLD, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 20058

What will your typical day look like?

As a Reporting and Insights Consultant, you will enhance existing, and develop new business performance reporting, in Tableau and DOMO, for stakeholders across Deloitte, including senior executive leaders. Working with the wider team, you will translate business requirements into quantitative metrics, with the business looking to you as an expert in reporting across Deloitte’s Clients, Industries and Markets. You will answer the ‘Why’ and ‘So What’ for our internal stakeholders, investigating trends and outliers within large datasets. Using your experience and understanding of what stakeholders need from reporting, you will regularly present and roadshow new products and views, aligned to individual business needs.

About the team

Welcome to MCBD, the Marketing, Communications and Business Development team - A.K.A. Deloitte’s creative heartbeat. Meet 150+ like-minded experts committed to thinking outside of the box. We bring to life ideas and strategies that build Deloitte’s brand eminence and help us stand out. Our unparalleled marketing, design and social expertise allows us to make a difference across everything we do.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
Experience in gathering and analysing data sets to translate problems into actionable insights and recommendations. With your strong commercial acumen, you will be familiar with financial terminology and the reporting requirements of a business. Strong analytical capabilities and structured problem-solving skills will be your strength, as will excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate to all levels of management.

Being proficient in Excel and PowerPoint is a must. Having experience in data visualisation tools such as Tableau or Domo would be a plus.

You should also have:
1-2 years experience in business reporting and/or analytics
Demonstrated experience understanding the importance of data integrity
An ability to build professional relationships and rapport with non-technical stakeholders
Excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate with at all levels.
Knowledge of data visualisation and reporting automation tools such as Excel, Tableau, Cognos, Domo, or Power BI. Reporting development and analysis in Excel is essential, all other tools are desired.
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
16,16,"Open To: Australian Citizen in Canberra

Experience and good working knowledge in the research and analysis of datasets
Experience using and working with Microsoft Excel to analyse data and collate findings
Proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders including working collaboratively as part of an agile, multidisciplinary team
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience in developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogs, source to target mappings, use cases and conceptual data models"
17,17,"This role will suit you if you are collaborative, technically strong and enjoy problem solving. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a high performing team which is aligned to revenue generation where you will have the chance to learn by doing, progress your career and grow your skillset.
PhD in mathematics, physics, or a related field required
Join a global front office team
C++ or Python programming skills advantageous
Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.
You will research and implement financial models for product valuation, risk analysis, and trading and be expected to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.
With outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), your intellectual curiosity and self-motivation, together with great communication and collaboration skills, will help formulate business ideas mathematically and deliver practical solutions. Your experience with C++, Python or other programming languages will be advantageous.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, concise resume and Academic Transcripts as one Word or PDF-formatted document. To include your cover letter and transcripts, please insert the additional pages into the front or back of your resume and upload your updated resume in your Profile page. This is so that we receive the relevant documents for this position. Please note that applications without the required documentation attached will not be considered.
About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-962959
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Commodities, Quantitative Analytics, Risk Management
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Recruiter: Heather Noto
Opening Date: 07/2/2022"
18,18,"Imagine what we can INSPIRE with you
Moody’s empowers people to make better decisions and achieve brighter futures. This is what motivates us to bring out the best in our products and our people. Join us. Forward Together.

Moody’s (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody’s combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com.
At Moody’s, we’re taking action. We’re hiring diverse talent and providing underrepresented groups with equitable opportunities in their careers. We’re educating, empowering and elevating our people, and creating a workplace where each person can be their true selves, reach their full potential and thrive on every level. Learn more about our DE&I initiatives, employee development programs and view our annual DE&I Report at moodys.com/diversity
Moody’s Investors Service is among the world’s most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor.
At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter.
Department
Rating and Research Support
#LI-BW1
Role/Responsibilities
The Role
The Associate Analyst (AA) will conduct comprehensive analysis on an assigned portfolio of ratings/credits. The AA will perform holistic evaluations of credit risk by integrating credit inputs prepared by others, including Financial Data Analysts (FDAs), RRS Associates and external parties. In conducting credit analysis for their assigned portfolios, transactions or credit reviews, AAs will actively participate in rating committee discussions and interact with issuers and other market participants, in collaboration with Lead Analysts.
The AA role is integral to Moody’s focus on ratings accuracy, research and market outreach. The AA role will focus primarily on one Line of Business (LOB), with the potential for cross-training in other LOBs.
Key Responsibilities
Portfolio Management
Performs day-to-day credit analysis related to ratings, research, presentations, and investor outreach. Examples of analytical work produced include:
Reviewing financial spreadsheets and charts prepared by others, analyzing data and financial statements, building and updating financial forecasts, and writing analytical commentary in accordance with Moody’s methodologies.
Assisting with proprietary models and new financial projections as applicable, identifying trends in data, and applying analytical skills and judgment to form well-reasoned credit conclusions.
Reviewing transaction documents and building knowledge of cash flow and loss allocation rules (if applicable to LOB).
Monitoring portfolio with increasing independence.
Develops strong working knowledge of Moody’s methodologies and credit rating best practices, applying these with moderate guidance.
Prepares first draft of rating committee memos, in collaboration with Lead Analysts.
Demonstrates the ability to understand and identify key factors that affect issuer credit ratings. Escalates matters for discussion with Lead Analyst where appropriate and provides credit specific nuance.
Interprets and analyzes financial data and other credit inputs provided by others e.g.FDAs and RRS Associates.
Monitors credit quality and issuer and/or portfolio trends by following market developments, analyzing issuer reporting, and engaging with issuers directly for follow-up clarification and information.
As applicable to the LOB, monitors and attends earnings calls of companies within assigned portfolio, including monitoring relevant news events.
Attends and may present certain sections in rating committee meetings. Actively participates, including offering analysis and opinion where appropriate.
May complete Credit Estimates used to assess elements of credit risk in certain rated transactions.
Research & Investor Outreach
Prepares first draft of core research as applicable to the LOB e.g. credit opinions, issuer and sector comments, press releases, pre sale and new issue reports etc. in collaboration with Lead Analysts. End product requires minimal editing for publication to an external audience.
Contributes to research strategy, including idea generation and preliminary drafting, adhering to Moody’s research standards.
Demonstrates ability to craft and follow through on research ideas.
Attends investor briefings and issuer meetings as required; may help prepare presentation materials; arrives prepared to engage in discussions and may lead certain sections.
Builds positive relationships with issuers – displays initiative to understand the issuer’s business and proactively responds to issuer enquiries. May lead discussions with issuers on lower priority issues.
Credit Administration
Performs analytical tasks related to portfolio reviews and other credit projects (e.g. liquidity scrubs).
Demonstrates competency in processing ratings and research through internal systems and utilizes software specific to the rating group. Constructs and takes ownership of analytical databases as applicable. Identifies all issues with data for follow up with Lead Analyst.
Demonstrates thorough understanding and judgment in applying Moody’s processes, documentation standards and best practices, adhering to all laws and policies.
Actively participates in special projects while concurrently maintaining consistently high performance in core responsibilities. Provides significant input into various analytical and statistical projects.
Coaching & Guidance
Provides clear, concise and constructive guidance in the delegation of work to Associates (if applicable), actively managing workload pipeline in order to provide sufficient time for completion. Seeks Associate Analyst Team Manager (AATM) guidance where needed to determine how to allocate work.
Provides initial review and quality assessment of work produced by more junior RRS staff. Provides feedback to AATM on the quality and accuracy of work produced by Associates, along with providing constructive and proactive feedback to Associates and FDAs.
Contributes to training and on-boarding of new staff, serving as a ‘buddy’ where applicable.
Serves as a resource on more complex credit questions and issues for less experienced staff. Acts as mentor to more junior staff, for topics such as research writing, issuer relationship management and credit process.
Qualifications
Requirements/Qualifications
Undergraduate degree required with minimum 2 years relevant work experience. Graduate/second level degree (Masters, MBA) preferred.
Proven credit experience (in related field) required. Progress towards completion of CFA preferred.
Experience on projection analysis a plus.
Solid verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills.
Proficient in MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and prioritize tasks accordingly, independently balancing conflicting priorities.
Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
Candidates for Moody’s Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary."
19,19,"Date: 28-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Financial Advisory

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27571

M&A Analytics Private Equity – Analyst / Senior Analyst

This is an opportunity to join Deloitte and work in our market leading M&A Analytics team in a newly created role working with leading private equity clients. Are you in?

What will your typical day look like?

Our team is always looking for ways to solve complex client problems by utilising technology, data, and analytics. In this role you will be working with our team to drive deal origination through the use of our existing deal origination platforms, such as DealID, and our Global M&A Sensing solution. Your role will be to work with private equity clients refining investment ideas and assisting in the deal origination process from identification and screening through to initial offer.

The role will also provide you the opportunity to:
Play a key role supporting origination, opportunity evaluation, and working on a broad scope of assignments across various industries.
Develop relationships with private equity clients and support them in the development of investment ideas
Work closely with senior stakeholders in our private equity client coverage teams
Conduct research on industries trends and companies
Meet with company owners regarding potential investment from private equity
Prepare presentations and other materials for clients
Perform financial analysis and due diligence for potential transactions
Support or lead various marketing and thought leadership initiatives
Work cross-functionally across different teams within M&A and across Deloitte

Enough about us, let’s talk about you!

You are someone, who:
Has a Bachelor of Commerce, MBA, LLB or similar.
Has an innovative mindset and practical skills in utilising technology
Has strong problem-solving skills, supported by superior commercial acumen.
Has a strong understanding of the M&A and deal process
Has advanced Excel and PowerPoint knowledge and experience with research tools. Previous experience with data analytics would be beneficial.
Ability to work collaboratively and under tight deadlines with minimum direct supervision
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to present clearly to client stakeholders at all levels
Is good at developing client relationships as well as build and maintain effective relationships with colleagues

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive."
20,20,"Utilise your prior experience as a Business Analyst and join our Banking and Financial Services team. This role will give you the opportunity to drive digital transformation for our clients/staff within Banking and Asset Finance. If you are driven and excited by creating digital transformation, you will find this role extremely fulfilling.
What impact will you have?
In this role, you will be:
Working closely with business stakeholders, Product Owner and Scrum team to ensure features and stories are refined and ready, with acceptance criteria complete.
Analysing data & processes to drive viable solutions that enhance our client/employee experience.
Acting as the voice of the customer to our engineers, you will provide guidance on user behaviour/credit policy to help drive development and participate in testing to ensure solution quality.
Providing regular demonstrations to stakeholders as part of sprint reviews.
Promoting continuous improvement and innovation
To excel in this role, you will have:
Strong business analysis experience (ideally from the financial services/banking industry).
Knowledge supporting large transformation projects.
A blend of technical & business analysis experience.
Knowledge and experience in implementing APIs is desirable
Strong analytical skills and ability to break-down complex problems into smaller components.
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills.
A willingness to learn, configure & test new technologies.
strong written and verbal communication skills
A self-starter with a growth mindset and desire to learn.
A team-first attitude and enthusiasm for Agile culture.
If you are looking to own your career and take on a new challenge, please apply through the link below. For further information please contact Daniel Savva at daniel.savva@macquarie.com
Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive."
21,21,"Right now, EPiC Agile is looking for a talented ICT Business Analyst with proven experience working in Agile environments to partner with our awesome clients, whilst still being made to feel very much like EPiC Agile is home! This is a Full-time position located in Sydney CBD.
We are a Practitioner led Business Agility and Lean-Agile Transformation Consultancy. We coach at all levels of a business to inject lean start-up culture into the enterprise, creating work environments that people love! Our customer portfolio includes large-scale household names and smaller/leaner organizations throughout Australia, Singapore, and New Zealand.
Your main responsibilities will be:
Develop and implement functional solutions, systems and ways of working patterns such as Jira or similar software products, as well as establishing ways of working patterns (such as standups, sprint cycles, planning sessions & retrospectives) and ensuring quality and integrity of newly implemented data solutions.
Analyzing as-is business processes to identify inefficiencies may occur and help report these back to the business.
Investigate, identify and report areas where new business procedures can be implemented to improve systems/software and implement best practices wherever possible
Partnering with our clients to help formulate and document current and future business system and IT platform agility requirements.
Manage all related assignments using agile project management frameworks, principles and techniques (such as Scrum & Kanban) including technical plans, timeframes, resources and costs.
Track the progress of and help guide the development of your clients to higher agile maturity, acting as a reference point for all information regarding your team’s progress for all stakeholders
Conducting formal agile training, including coaching teams to follow the agreed agile delivery framework, and creating end user training documentation to ensure effective change management
Coordinate day to day operations and facilitate agile ceremonies to ensure the project teams are delivering value according to the project plan and priorities
Assist program managers to create overall project plans adhering to the agile delivery frameworks
Using various data modeling techniques (such as burndown charts), to help understand the needs of your teams and alter their agile ways of working practices.
Maintain accurate records of relevant technical and business information
To be considered, you will need to exhibit the following traits…
You will have a relevant Bachelor's Degree or higher.
You will have at least 3 years experience as a ICT Business Analyst including IT platform, system and software review and analysis.
You will need to have proven experience working in an Agile environment.
You are a certified Agile practitioner with certifications in one or more of the following; Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Lean Six Sigma, Kanban.
Proven experience in requirements gathering.
Proven experience in leading agile ceremonies.
Proven experience in running training sessions with clients, and are comfortable to run agile training sessions when required.
Excellent documentation and writing skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to analyze an environment, identify shortcomings and recommend improvements at a team level.
Ability to support the clients during and after an agile transformation, to help alleviate tension points where necessary.
Ability to lead, teach, show, mentor, advise and support people through their own agile journey.
You understand the change journey for people and have experience/understanding of change management to support large-scale organisation changes.
At EPiC Agile, we are committed to creating an awesome, inclusive culture, where you will be able to thrive. Coming to work each day should be filled with excitement as no two days will be the same. Too often people are not inspired to come to work, our mission is to change that!
If you’re an awesome human and want to be part of our amazing tribe, we’d love to hear from you so please apply now!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Employee mentoring program
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Work from home
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
22,22,"Schlumberger is the leading provider of technology and services to the energy industry across the world
Experienced Field Data Analyst
Positions available in Adelaide, SA and Perth, WA
Contract: Permanent and ADHOC Contractor (please specify your application)
Schlumberger is seeking qualified and experienced candidates to fill the position of Field Data Analyst in Australia.
The Field Data Analyst manages and is accountable for monitoring the well, maintaining all Geoservices sensors, gas equipment and data acquisition equipment, maintains the well data integrity and reliability, designs and processes detailed daily and End of Well Reports based on the data gathered during well operations.
The primary objective is to acquire, log, analyze and report well behavior at the well site to aid safe and efficient well operations and monitors all drilling parameters, well bore parameters and maintains all Geoservices equipment and sensors to detect the well conditions, in order to analyze the drilling process. Maintain the gas detection equipment at the well site to monitor and analyze the hydrocarbon gases and ensure safety by detection of other potentially harmful gases.
This role is responsible for the delivery of high quality drilling and gas data to the Client at the well site. Service quality, job reparation and planning, and job safety are key priorities.
Requirements:
Reside in Perth or Adelaide or Australia and have the right to live and work in Australia
No travel restrictions and open to relocation in Australia based on company’s requirement
Minimum BSc in Geology, Geological Applied Sciences, Earth Sciences or Applied Sciences
Must have minimum 3 years field and offshore experience as a Field Data Analyst
Have the knowledge of Drilling Equipment and Techniques and Drill String Composition
Understanding of Drilling Fluids and Hydraulics of the Drilling Fluids
Understanding of Drilling Parameters, their Acquisition and Treatment
Knowledge of Mud Logging sensors
Have valid BOSIET, MSIC, CSTP and OGUK medical certificates
Ability to maintain, prepare and dispatch of equipment
Ability to maintain high quality of service delivery at the wellsite, in terms of safety, quality and efficiency of operation
Ability to run required services, supervise operations and managing people, interact with clients and other related parties
Good personnel skills, excellent in communication, highly self-motivated, competent computer skills and ability to learn new software
Can work in a high-pressure, learns quickly and adapts to new problems and situations
Must be a team player, able to get along with individuals from other groups in the organization, and a good communicator
Excellent English written and verbal communication skills essential.
Salary: The salary will comprise an attractive package (estimate annual earning AUD 90,000-100,000/year)
Application:
Please apply via this advertisement and upload detailed resume and a cover letter outlining your qualifications and work experience.
Application is open from 19-May-2022 until 19-June-2022
Only successful applicants that meet the above criteria will be contacted.
Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status.
We are committed to providing employment opportunities for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Application Question(s):
Do you have Australian full work rights?
What's your expected annual base salary?
What's your highest level of education?
Are you willing to relocate?
How many years related offshore and/or land experience do you have?
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)
Application Deadline: 19/06/2022"
23,23,"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a data analytics cloud transformation program
Full-time permanent role based at Mile End - including working from home
Join a great collaborative team with a fun, inclusive and supportive culture


Your new opportunity


This exciting role will have you translate business requirements into technical specifications for business intelligence (BI), designing data store solutions for engineers to implement. Your key tasks will be:


Conduct preliminary analysis with business stakeholders to gather data store requirements, which will support their analytic and reporting needs.
Document the scope of requests for work, to enable high level estimation and planning.
Document detailed analysis of business data store requirements, supporting both functional and non-functional specifications.
Develop detailed solution designs to provide technical specifications for engineers to build data stores for analytics and reporting usage.
Help business stakeholders perform test plans consistent with their requirements and help delivery teams manage changes in scope.


What will set you apart from the rest


At RAA we hire on cultural add first and technical fit second, however, to be successful in this role you will need:


Knowledge of business analysis and data warehouse design in a BI environment
Strong ability to understand business requirements and architectural solutions and translate into technical specifications for development
Understanding of data analysis, data integration and data modelling techniques
Experience working as a data warehouse developer desirable
Proven ability to communicate effectively with people of all levels


What sets us apart from the rest


To ensure our employees feel valued, empowered and celebrated, we provide a range of employee benefits including:


Flexible Work Arrangements including working from home
Free RAA premium road service & discounts on all RAA Products
Ongoing Training & Development Opportunities & Study Support Program
Wellbeing Facilities and Corporate Health Insurance Plan
On-site Cafe with Barista - plus much more!


Who we are -
As one of the state’s largest and most iconic organisations, we’re proud to make things better for members and better for our community. More than 780,000 members choose us to deliver peace of mind through our trusted range of motor, home and travel products and services. We’re also one of the state’s largest employers (and growing!), with more than 1200 employees working collectively with the common goal to keep our members moving."
24,24,"The Opportunity
ClimateWorks’ research projects are pioneering and multidisciplinary in nature, drawing on the latest research from technical, economic, financial and scientific fields.
To work in this dynamic environment, you will be creative and apply your strong problem-solving skills to contribute to the development of frameworks and methodologies.
As a Business Analyst with a background in education and/or engineering with a flair for statistics, you will provide key support for the analysis conducted by the Research, Analysis and Modelling team.
In this pivotal role you will identify and review scientific and economic reports to gather statistical data relevant to the projects, support robust statistical analysis and modelling under guidance, generate reports and presentations based on their findings and interact with project partners.
To succeed in this position, you will require demonstrated organisational, statistical and analytical skills, an excellent ability to work as an effective member of a team and are passionate about climate change. Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite is required, with a particular focus on Excel.
If this sounds like a position that suits your current career focus we look forward to hearing from you.
This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated.
To apply, please submit a copy of your current resume along with a cover letter in which you address how you meet the key selection criteria
For instructions on how to apply, please refer to “How to apply for Monash Jobs”.
Enquiries
Michael Li, Research & Analysis Manager, Climateworks Centre, MSDI, +61 412 425 147
Position Description
Business Analyst - Climateworks Centre
Closing Date
Thursday 2 June 2022, 11:55pm AEST


At Monash University, the health, safety and wellbeing of our staff, students and visitors remain our priority. In accordance with the Directions issued by Victoria’s Chief Health Officer, we require all staff, students and visitors to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved medical exemption from receiving a COVID-19 vaccine in order to attend our campuses and locations.
For the latest information on COVID-19 at Monash, please visit our website.
Supporting a diverse workforce"
25,25,"Job ID: 590241

Job type: Full Time - Permanent

Categories: Finance & Payroll

Who we are

Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand. Through trusted relationships and world leading insight we work closely with our customers to design, build and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities.
Position summary

Exciting opportunity, now available for a Business Analyst to support our Purchase to Pay function within Downer Group. This position sits within the Business Services Centre (BSC) which provides Accounting and Administration Support services to all Downer and Spotless businesses.

Full- Time permanent opportunity based across Sydney or Melbourne. The purpose of the Business Analyst – P2P is to provide functional and analytical support to the Purchase to Pay (P2P) function within the Downer’s Business Services Centre (BSC).

THE ROLE

Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager – Performance & Reporting you will be responsible for although not limited to:

Provision and maintenance of reports to provide accurate information to internal and external customer reporting requirements

Analysis of P2P Data and Performance Metrics and provide outcomes to P2P Leadership

Ensures data integrity and system security for P2P systems.

Documentation of process flows and supporting resources

Provides support to the P2P team on software functionality including problem

analysis, resolution and testing.

Carry out tasks in line with The Downer Standard and Service Level

Agreements.

Triage and engage with Application Support teams to ensure requests for

support and maintenance are managed and escalated appropriately.

Lead projects and participate in improvement initiatives

Assist with EOFY activities as directed by Manager

ABOUT YOU

Experience in an Accounts Payable and Purchase to Pay function is preferred

Project management experience highly regarded

Prior experience in accounts payable process improvement projects

Experience in Business Intelligence tools (PowerBI, Tableau, etc)

Lean Sigma – Green Belt or above highly regarded

Capability Profile

Able to effectively engage and work with a range of stakeholders, including customers, business users, outsourced providers and vendors

Able to effectively articulate, present and communicate information

Able to apply technical expertise in Kofax, JDE and SAP.

Able to effectively understand and document relevant processes

Able to effectively plan, prioritise and organise work

Able to work in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment to achieve personal and professional KPI’s

High level of knowledge of accounts payable or accounting practices

Knowledge of continuous improvement methodologies

Familiarity with Kofax or other Document Capture software is highly regarded

WHAT WE OFFER

As an employee of Downer, you may benefit from a range of career support programs, wellbeing packages and financial benefits, available through us and our selected partners. These include:

Access to the Employee Assistance Program;

Flexible work arrangements;

Onsite childcare – Sydney Only

Salary sacrifice superannuation;

Novated leasing;

Banking discounts & offers;

Discounted travel & accommodation;

Discounted vehicle rentals;

Offers and cash back on selected shopping portals;

Discounts on technology products; and

Exclusive offers on a range of vehicles.

If you are enthusiastic and dedicated to establishing and growing your career we’d love to speak to you! Hit or contact Paul Sampedro for more information on Paul.Sampedro@downergroup.com. Please note applications by email will not be accepted
How to apply

To apply for this great opportunity please click the button

Closing Date: 13 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
26,26,"Job no: 510556
Brand: Flight Centre
Work type: Full time
Location: Queensland
Categories: Finance & Strategy

Situated in Flight Centre’s HQ, one of Brisbane’s most desirable corporate headquarters complete with rooftop dining and drinks, 24/7 gym, direct access to South Bank train and busway stations and the South Bank precinct just across the road, we offer perks and company culture that are second to none.
About the Opportunity
We are on the hunt for a Senior Reporting Analyst to join our dynamic, fast-paced and successful Finance team. In this role, you will report to the General Manager of Finance and work collaboratively with our Flight Centre Travel Group teams.
As a Senior Reporting Analyst, you will be specialising in reporting, responsible for the design, build and maintenance of reports and process automation to support the operational requirements of the business. You will be responsible for managing changes, including automation and implementation and overseeing the consistency of reporting and data structures. You will also be tasked with working on both operational and financial project initiatives. This role leads a team of 2 Reporting Analysts and is responsible for performing a variety of data and automation reporting activities to a high standard utilising advanced analytical and automation skills across complex datasets.
What you will be doing:
Conduct monthly 1 on 1s
Budgeting, forecasting and cash-flows
Develop and analyse reporting as required by operational and finance leaders
Lead the Reporting Analyst team and ensure they hit their targets and timeframes
Assist with special projects and the implementation of systems and process improvement initiatives
Format and communicate results, using textual, numeric, graphical and other visualisation methods appropriate to the target audience
Apply data analysis, data modelling, and quality assurance techniques to gain a detailed understanding of business processes
Identify modifications or maintenance required for established data structures and associated components (entity descriptions, relationship descriptions, attribute definitions)
Specify and apply appropriate data transformation techniques to turn various data sources and types into standardised outputs which supports business processes
You'll be perfect for this role if you can showcase:
5+ years of experience in a reporting role
Understands complex database structures
Knowledge of data integration methods and tools
Business/Commerce/IT degree with Finance Systems understanding
Strong knowledge and experience with Transact SQL or similar, Power BI, Visual Basic for Applications, MS Excel and PowerPoint
What's in it for you?
Flexible work environment
Ongoing training and professional development
Access to our 24/7 gym located at Global Head Office
Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses
Essential to have an understanding of accounting concepts and principles. CA/CPA preferred
Travel discounts and deals bookable through our internal team of travel agents, Travelwise
Discounted financial and health services through our Moneywise and Healthwise businesses
We do things a little differently… We do things the Flight Centre Way! We have a unique culture based on a proven mix of ideas, values and ways of working that have helped shape our business for over the past 40+ years. Across all our brands, we take our business seriously but not ourselves. We take leaps of faith, have trust in our teams and work collaboratively to achieve our goals.
If you think you have what it takes, then reach out today!"
27,27,"As an established Australian born business, we're proud to be ranked 3rd for the AFR's Best Places to Work 2022!!!! and we are continuing to supercharge our growth by turning the global market Amber. That's right, “Aussie Amber” (our brand colour, aptly nailed by our Marketing Team!) This Amberfication is led by our perfectly formed Technology Team and we are looking for a Business Data Analyst to join our winning team.
As a global fintech company, Openpay are defining the next generation of payments. We believe people and businesses should have freedom and flexibility in how they pay with no hidden catches.
In doing so we're changing the way people pay, for the better, and we'd love you to join us in our mission. As an established Australian business, we're continuing to supercharge our growth by turning the world Amber. That's right, “Aussie Amber” (our Marketing Team nailed that one!) This Amberfication is led by in-store, mobile app and on-line payments.
About the opportunity:
We are looking for a Business Data Analyst to become a key member of our data team. As part of this role, you will work closely with our data team and business stakeholders to elicit and document detailed business requirements and deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches. You will have the opportunity to contribute and influence the business data strategy and oversee the implementation thereof. We will offer you the ideal working environment with support, training, and the tools you need to be successful.
What youll be doing :
Working with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI
Working closely with teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Write detailed product requirement for features planned in the Sprint planning sessions.
What youll need:
Relevant tertiary qualifications (in business analysis, computer science, science) or comparable industry experience.
Demonstrated skills in data analysis and mining using Excel and PowerBI
A solid understanding of data sources, data organization and storage and moving data in/out of platforms
Financial modelling skills an advantage
Previous experience of at least 3 years working with cross-functional software development teams in an agile environment
The Team you'll be joining:
We believe every new team member has an opportunity to add to our culture – we're a vibrant team of Podcasters, Ultra-Marathoners, Weightlifters, Chess Players, Students and more, so we're looking for people who want to be part of a diverse and ever-changing team.
Being part of a growing Fintech means you'll need to be a self-starter with high energy, motivation and focus on achieving targets. You'll crave the unknown and be excited by the opportunity to challenge yourself every day. As we grow, we change, so you'll be flexible, willing to evolve as our systems and processes do. Always tenacious, you'll relentlessly pursue opportunities and will be quick to bounce back if you encounter a setback. Most importantly, you'll be kind - our team appreciates and supports each other (particularly this year) so you'll want to be part of that team spirit.
At the moment our Team are working in a hybrid model, and we will be able to onboard you from home or at the office, which ever works best for you. We will support you to hit the ground running in our supportive and collaborative environment.
If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!
Openpay is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. If you have any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application.
Job Type: Full-time"
28,28,"Join our team and explore this exciting opportunity to join the Macquarie Asset Management Finance team within our Financial Management Group. You will join a team whose responsibilities include advising the business unit and CFO on structuring of new products and transactions, as well as business acquisitions and disposals to manage the balance sheet impact and maximize returns for the business and the Group.
Day to day responsibilities include oversight of general ledger balances for a number of sub-groups and entities across the Macquarie Asset Management business. You will also contribute to accounting analysis for various accounting judgement areas and legal entity control of Macquarie funds and entities in the region. The person joining our team will work with a number of staff across various global FMG teams across Finance, Tax, Treasury in supporting the Macquarie Asset Management business and will also interact with external auditors.
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
a tertiary degree in Business/Commerce and hold a CA qualification.
prior experience and knowledge of IFRS accounting standards and requirements would be beneficial.
good communication, problem solving and relationship building skills will also be paramount to your success in this role.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-962554
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Badrul Alam
Opening Date: 31/1/2022"
29,29,"Permanent Opportunity
National – Operating at Sydney time
Flexible Work, 13% Super & Competitive Salary


The Role
The purpose of the role and its unique contribution is to assist in the enrichment of policyholder data to enable a customer-centric approach when interacting with policyholders


Key Responsibilities
Work effectively with the team to deliver to the project objectives
Enrich policyholder records with customer-specific data
Contribute to the build of data, data analysis and developing outputs
Ensure data is appropriately aggregated from various sources
Perform the analysis to identify priority policyholders, including hardship cases
Understand and assist in the implementation of various business and compliance rules into the design of algorithms
Appropriately document and annotate outputs to enable transparency and auditability
Assist with the build and document testing processes to ensure accuracy and robustness of data processing


Skills & Experience
Actuarial, Data Analytics or similar background with 3+ years of experience
Advanced knowledge of SAS and Microsoft applications including Excel
Strong technical/analytical skills
Experience manipulating large datasets
Adherence to compliance obligations
Expert problem solver
Ability to manage complexity
Quality focused


Ready for anything? Let’s talk.


IAG rewards and recognizes its people with generous benefits, career development opportunities and real work-life balance. Employees also enjoy 13% superannuation, up to 50% insurance discounts, flexible work and leave options, generous parental leave and return to work programs, various corporate partner discounts and a people-focused culture that celebrates achievements big and small.


Creating a workforce that actively embraces diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging is key to our success. We believe in treating everyone fairly which means that inclusion, removing barriers, striving for equity and embracing diversity are woven through our values and behaviours. We encourage applications from all backgrounds and communities and are committed to providing a work environment that enables you to thrive, whatever your circumstances. If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements please advise us via your application.


IAG has committed to the reconciliation movement in Australia for First Nations people and focus on providing a safe and supportive work environment for all our employees. More information on our Reconciliation Action Plan can be found on our company website"
30,30,"The Opportunity:
Working with our highly experienced cross functional teams, this role will play an integral part in expanding WiseTech Global’s reach and achieving our vision to be the operating platform for global logistics.
As a Research Analyst you will;
Partner with the Integrations and Acquisitions team to quickly learn what is valuable information to WiseTech Global for assessing potential markets or businesses;
Leverage your research skills to provide detailed financial and competitor analysis;
Present research findings (Powerpoint / Excel) to Senior leadership team;
Promote Wisetech Global by making targeted outbound calls based on your research;
Build meaningful relationships with external and internal stakeholders to extract relevant information;
As the newly appointed Research Analyst you will play an integral role within our Integrations and Acquisitions team. We work in a dynamic and high growth business and require a strong Analyst to quickly, pick up digest and present meaningful information to our Integrations and Acquisitions team.
What we’re looking for
Experience using basic research tools;
Confident in approaching and articulating to new and potential business partners
Strong communication skills with a proven ability to translate technical analysis into compelling narratives
The ability to think beyond numbers and combine data with strategy and financial insight Advanced Excel, modelling and report writing skills with experience in handling and analysing complex data sets
About WiseTech Global
Our innovations and global technology enables, improves and empowers the world’s supply chains. Having listed on the ASX in 2016, WiseTech Global is now an ASX 50, AU$10 billion+ company that is serious about expansion and technical innovation. Our mission is to change the world by creating breakthrough products that empower those that own, enable and operate the supply chains of the world.
Job Type: Full-time"
31,31,"Arq Group changes the way businesses do business. From award winning mobile apps, cloud and analytical insights, to design thinking and digital marketing. We define, design and create products and solutions that solve problems, big and small. Arq Group are Australia’s leading experts in Digital Solutions.
We create technology. We partner with our clients to solve problems others can't. We do this by hiring the best people out there!

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Analyst - you will provide leadership within the business through your demonstrated, hands on expertise within:

Data Analysis – as a data analyst you will be define or understand requirements for a data project/solution and perform data analysis to translate those requirements in data specifications
The 'Must Have' skills:
Data and Business analysis skills – you will be skilled in understanding requirements from business stakeholders for data projects
SQL skills
Leadership – in the form of leading a stream of work, or playing a formal or informal scrum master or project manager role
Stakeholder management – you will have strong experience in working with stakeholders and being the point of contact for them on pieces of work
The 'Nice to Have' experience.
1+ years of experience in using Data Governance frameworks like DAMA and DMBOK
Experience in leading projects or units of work
Experience in data profiling, data quality or data wrangling software such as Alteryx
Experience in Data Management or Data Catalog tools like Alation, Collibra, Talend Data Catalog or similar tools
Experience on cloud platforms - AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.
Ability to use and query a Data Lake environment
Data modelling skills (e.g. Kimball, Data Vault)
Arq Group is the dynamic space for smart thinkers. We create unforgettable experiences, solve complex challenges, and provide seamless, end-to-end solutions for businesses, big and small…. from design thinking to customer solutions, leading mobile, cloud and analytical insights, digital marketing, to web design. We are Australia’s leading digital partner, powering the growth of businesses, big and small.
At Arq you’ll find a true work-life balance. You’ll be part of a sincere team that’s all about diversity, equality, teamwork and mutual support. Sound like the place for you? Then tell us why you’re the one for us."
32,32,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
33,33,"We are seeking to speak with multiple Data Analysts for a 12-month contract role plus 2 x 12 months extensions. This project will comprise implementing an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, storing transactional data, and archiving of required data.
This role is open to all interstate candidates with Australian Citizenship (no clearance required).
Skills and experience required:
Good working knowledge and skills in the research and analysis of datasets
Excellent skills in Microsoft Excel
Proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience in developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogs, source to target mappings, use cases, and conceptual data models.
Desirable:
Experience with Agile methodologies
Experience with Microsoft Power BI
Experience with delivering solutions using a data warehouse platform and processes
Why choose GRIT to represent you for this role?
Weekly pay cycle, paid the day after your timesheet is approved
Accessible - we're easy to reach and easy to talk to, whenever you need us
No extra fees - we cover insurance and payroll costs rather than charging you fees like some other agencies
This position closes on the 13th of May so get your application in ASAP and contact Lory at +61 488 859 573 to discuss further.
Job Type: Full-time"
34,34,"CFD BUSINESS OPERATIONS ANALYST
Background to & purpose of role:
The CFD Business Operations Analyst will be responsible for supporting the business across all client facing and dealing functions. This will include, but not limited to, trading and monitoring systems, settlement and corporate action functions, periodic reporting and daily monitoring, trading and account adjustments, escalated client queries, managing relationships with external brokers and vendors, and supporting the dealing desk with trade reconciliations, account and instrument restrictions and instrument adjustment/set up enquires.
Key responsibilities:
Reconciliation of Hedge trading accounts with Counterparties (Prime Brokers and Futures Clearers), resolution of differences liaising with Trading and Counterparties
Processing of Corporate Actions, both Customer and Hedge, and monitoring of Financing and Cost of Carry Rates charged to Customers.
2nd Tier Resolution of Customer queries and Complaints, Escalation of Complaint if appropriate
Processing of all manual account adjustments and charges, including cash bookings and trade corrections
Ensure Customer facing and internal systems are functioning as designed and liaise with IT during development and testing of new systems
Performing Institutional Operations tasks such as Partner Set ups, API set ups, amending partner subscriptions, holding costs and commissions, assist with any trouble shooting
Escalate all platform and price outages and communicate effectively to internal teams
Communication of events affecting Customer accounts (Eg: change of margins, Corporate Actions, account closures, position delistings etc.)
Verification and authorisation of Bank Withdrawals, and support of reconciliation process
Design and implementation of workflow and procedures for Business Operations
Maintenance of Product list and related reference data
Maintain personal/professional development to meet the changing demands of the role, including all relevant regulatory and legislative training
Facilitate all new product requests and platform feedback and escalate accordingly
Undertake such other duties, training and/or hours of work as may be reasonably required and which are consistent with the general level of responsibility of this role
Job Type: Full-time"
35,35,"Overview
The requirement is for Senior Data Analyst to join one of our prestigious federal clients. The Senior Data Analyst will provide credentialed data expertise and technical analysis support to build, maintain and innovated well-managed data solutions and capabilities to solve business problems.
Their work will empower the project team and guide business decisions. The Senior Data Engineer will have to handle multiple simultaneous tasks, prioritize work, and remain functional under pressure, and short timelines.
Key tasks/duties:
Utilize programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets, as well as apply mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions.
Perform quantitative analysis of complex business situations, such as strategies, performance, and solutions involving system performance and efficiency.
Conduct detailed data analysis on data used across business units to evaluate business processes, discrepant data scenarios and improve on/create new feature.
Apply advanced computer modelling, database tools and/or other approaches in conducting the analysis.
Provide data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers.
Perform various data analytics in R, Python, SAS including SQL/PL SQL and MS Excel using statistical models or industry accepted tools
Develop and executing tools to monitor and report on data quality
Establish appreciation and adherence to the principles of data quality management, including metadata, lineage, and business definitions
Provide support to Tech teams in managing security mechanisms and data access governance.
Design, code, debug, test, document, and support server based applications such as SQL consistent with established business requirements and specifications in order to deliver the highest possible value to the Agency.
Provide high level advanced triage support to stakeholders, business partners, and product teams in managing specific issue resolution activities.
Develop a deep understanding of existing data sources, the relationships between each dataset and their limitations to support ability to support the end-to-end process of developing dashboards.
Requirements
Demonstrated capabilities as set out in key tasks/duties section
At least 5 years in a data analyst position, preferably working as a Data Analyst in a fast-paced and dynamic business setting
Tertiary qualifications demonstrating high level of investigative skills and data analysis or a strong demonstrated experience in this field. A minimum of Bachelor’s degree in addition to advanced technical skills"
36,36,"What is it like working at Harris Farm Markets?
Fun, fast paced and in IT you will have opportunity to work on multiple platforms and cutting-edge technologies. As family owned dynamic fresh food retailer who is rapidly growing, to thrive you will need to be open to being incredibly flexible and agile in order to meet business demands. In other words, it is busy and very fun!
As for our team, we are a small team of innovative developers who deliver quality solutions to the technical challenges of a rapidly growing company who have been a household name since 1971.
The Company
Harris Farm Markets has built a strong reputation for delivering good quality fresh food at great value for our customers.
For over 40 years we’ve remained 100% family owned and operated. We’re 26 stores (and counting) across Sydney and NSW and home to over 2,200 wonderful employees all with a common purpose, to reconnect Aussies with the joy of food.


The Role
We’re looking for a strong Business Intelligence & Data Warehouse Developer to join a fast-paced team to design and develop new BI solutions as well as redesigning the existing legacy solutions. The BI/DW Developer will also be responsible for the ongoing maintenance of those solutions. They will create & complete data requests & queries through visualization & reports, present the information that’s required to provide commercial insights to support a fast growing organisation.
You need to be an ideas person who can seek out ways to do your role smarter, thinking outside the box. This role is all about building a powerful BI capability that supports the evolution of business objectives & underpins exec level decision making such that they are better equipped & informed to drive the company forward.
We need to find the right person who can demonstrate proficiency in the following technologies:


About you
Essential skills/experience you will have
Experience evaluating and improving existing BI systems for legacy data warehouse
Experience designing the BI/DW to achieve optimal storage & reporting queries
Conducting troubleshooting on BI models
Working with senior developers to optimise database structures for existing BI systems in-place
Strong SQL (primary Microsoft SQL Server), working with advanced SQL concepts like stored procedures, views, functions and query optimization & performance tuning (Essential)
Strong SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) skills for data integration and data modelling
Experience/Understanding in data warehouse design and concepts
Understanding of C# programming (Console applications)
Understanding of SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), MDX Queries, Partition management and processing
Maintaining data analytics platforms, preferred SSRS
Exposure to Oracle/MySQL/MariaDB databases and aware of PL/SQL programming
Non-essential skills/experience
Understanding of SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), to design reports and manage reporting platform
Exposure of QlikView/Qlik sense
Experience with Azure DevOps Source Control
If you have a keen interest in data science that would certainly be looked upon favourably as there is the potential for this role to evolve into having that flavour so any python experience would very beneficial.


Why you should apply
Work with an awesome team!
A highly varied role that will challenge you to think outside the box
Opportunity to work with multiple technologies and IT Platforms
Workplace Flexibility
25% Staff Discount"
37,37,"Are you on the look out for your next data analytics opportunity in health?

Your new company

A leading health agency responsible for the development and management of a range of critical systems that provide clinical analytics.

Your new role

You will be working as part of an engaging and highly focused team, collaborating to provide industry analytics and insights. You will contribute to the development and implementation of a robust data modelling strategy.

What you'll need to succeed


Experience in statistical analysis and statistical model development.
Strong data analytical skills, with programming experience in both Python and R.
Experience using SAS, SQL and Microsoft Excel will be highly regarded;
Ability to adopt a pragmatic approach to analyse and deliver results accordingly;
Experience in conducting data analysis to support decisions and outcomes that are also influenced by policies and stakeholder input;
Critical thinking skills, including the ability to assess the quality and applicability of complex analysis and modelling

What you'll get in return


12 month fixed term contract
Up to $120,000 plus 15% Super
Engaging team environment

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.

LHS 297508 #2641056"
38,38,"We are Australia's largest superannuation fund, here to help members achieve their best possible retirement outcome. Working with a wide range of stakeholders, we create meaningful value for members and our communities through our diverse workforce of highly competent and highly motivated employees.

Your New Team
Property is part of the Mid Risk investment department, which incorporates unlisted real asset portfolios including Private Credit, Infrastructure and Property. The Property Portfolio Strategy involves the ongoing pursuit and management of direct property and unlisted property fund investments within targeted subsectors across Australasia, NZ, USA, and UK/Europe.

Your New Role
As a Senior Analyst within the Mid Risk Group, you will work collaboratively to lead excellent financial modelling outcomes for the portfolio, leading analytical support to the key functions of transaction execution, asset management, and portfolio management. You will work with senior colleagues to initiate and produce high quality reporting and research in accordance with regular requirements, pertinent to the strategic priorities of the portfolio.

Key Duties
Develop, maintain and oversee key financial models to support the delivery of team objectives
Monitor and assess asset and portfolio performance
Provide oversight and research existing or new markets/ themes to guide investment strategy and recommendations
Produce portfolio reporting for the Mid Risk Group and wider team as required
Lead the financial modelling workstream and be the primary point of contact for internal and external parties
Provide detailed investment valuation analysis to assist the team
Produce high quality asset related reporting and insights

You'll Need
Tertiary qualifications in any either Business, Commerce, Property, Economics, or Finance.
Strong quantitative modelling skills / Advance Excel knowledge.
Valuation, property investment or financial modelling experience.
Strong report writing and oral communication skills.
Good knowledge of property valuation principles and practice.
Experience with undertaking analysis of data and information and drawing conclusions.
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment.

What You’ll Get In Return
You will be working with a manager who values and supports your personal growth, in a growing, dynamic and authentic organisation that promotes integrity and puts members first. Other benefits include a competitive salary, genuine flexible working arrangements, income protection insurance and generous leave entitlements.
We are committed to the recruitment, development, and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you. All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we’re happy to discuss what this can look like for you.
We are proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (8 years running) and to be recognised as one of Australia’s top 10 workplaces for Dads.

What’s Next
Please apply now, if you share our values of Energy, Integrity, Generosity of Spirit and Excellent Outcomes and would like the opportunity to work in a challenging, growing and rapidly evolving team to deliver outstanding results.

Be Inspired, Be Bold, Be You
Agencies please note: this vacancy is being managed directly by AustralianSuper’s Recruitment team. We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support. Thank you."
39,39,"Junior Analyst. High volume data processing. Budget reporting. Ad hoc budget and analysis tasks.

The Company
Our client is a leading company that prides itself on providing a workplace where the best people come to do their best work. Ongoing growth has created an exciting opportunity for your skills as a Junior Data Analyst, and your rewards include a vibrant workplace with a strong sense of community and inclusion, and a career where you can make a difference by collaborating with, and learning from, the best.
The Role
You will be responsible for:
High volume data processing.
Budget reporting.
Data population/compilation in Excel.
Data loads into the system.
Ad hoc budget and analysis tasks.
Your Skills & Experience
Excellent experience in data analysis or proven equivalent competency gained through any other combination of education, training or experience.
Excellent Excel skills.
Extensive experience working directly with users, helping them understand how to harness the power of business intelligence.
A thorough knowledge of report building.
About You
You relish a fast-paced, dynamic environment - in fact, some of your best work has been completed under pressure. You have brilliant technical skills but you're also a keen collaborator who can partner with a range of team members to work collaboratively across the organisation. You have an enquiring mind that lets you analyse data quickly and effectively, and your outstanding communication skills mean you are able to convey your findings to a wide range of colleagues.
What's on offer?
An exceptional work environment where your skill set can be expanded.
The support of a passionate and talented IT team.
A creative workplace where innovation and initiative is valued.
A dynamic company that supports work-life balance.
Exposure to work within a government organisation.
Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law."
40,40,"Date: 16-May-2022
Location: AU
Company: Woodside Energy Ltd
About Woodside
We know great results come from our people feeling valued, getting the support they need to reach their full potential as well as bring their whole self to work. We also recognise that enduring, meaningful relationships with communities are fundamental to maintaining our licence to operate.


Technology and innovation are essential to our long-term sustainability. We are growing our carbon and new energy businesses using technology to reduce emissions and the carbon footprint of our products. We are working to improving energy efficiency, offset emissions, reduce emissions intensity and explore options for lower-carbon energy. Woodside led the development of the LNG industry in Australia and is applying this same pioneering spirit to solving future energy challenges.


Our global headquarters are based in Perth and our state-of-the-art campus reflects the quality of life Perth is known for - with a six Green Star rating, advanced wellness features and flexibility in how you work.
Woodside Culture
We recognise that a key contributor to our success is an inclusive culture that promotes diversity and a sense of belonging.


Flexible work arrangements including part time hours or job share will be considered – please indicate on your resume if you wish to be considered for a position with flexible working arrangements.
About the Role:
The key purpose of this role is to provide independent oversight of portfolio trading and marketing activities through quantifying and reporting commodity market risk. You will work closely with various stakeholders in providing recommendations, advice, and assurance back to the business.


The successful candidate will be a highly motivated team player, who is not afraid to get hands-on to get the work done.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Support the development and implementation of the market risk management control environment.
Develop models and tools to support the independent quantification of risk and value.
Calculate, analyse, and communicate exposures and market risk metrics.
Run on-going maintenance of market risk management systems, including performing periodic stress-testing and back-testing to ensure accuracy.
Monitor compliance, execution of derivatives, deal capture and deal confirmations.
Maintain an appropriate understanding of energy market conditions.
Deliver error-free market risk reports to key stakeholders with risk management insights, including Senior Management and the Executive Committee.
Manage project delivery and systems integration.
Skills & Experience:
Previous experience in similar role within the oil and gas industry (e.g., Risk Analyst, Trading Analyst, Trading Operator, or similar).
Degree qualified in any of the following or equivalent: Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Actuarial Science, Statistics, Economics or Finance.
Advanced Excel and VBA skills (advantageous to have other programming language knowledge).
Strong written and verbal communication, with the ability to communicate findings and recommendations in a clear, concise manner to all levels of management.
You are a self-starter and a motivated professional.
You are happy to work flexibly as required by the business.
Strong mathematical, modelling, and problem-solving skills with a keen eye for detail.
You share and demonstrate the same values we do: integrity, respect, discipline, excellence, working sustainably and working together.
Covid 19 Vaccination Requirements
If this role is site based or may reasonably require you to travel to site (site also includes Port Facilities or Remote Operation Centers) , it is subject to the WA Government Mandatory Vaccination Health Directions (Directions). These require you to be fully vaccinated and have received Booster Vaccinations or hold a valid exemption in line with the relevant Directions in order to be permitted to access the facilities and perform duties of the role.
For more information on the Government Directions, please visit the WA Government web site:
Resources Industry Worker (restrictions access directions)
Booster Vaccination (restrictions access directions)
Port Worker and Exposed Port Worker (restrictions access directions)


If this is solely an office based role, you will be required to comply with the Woodside Covid 19 Vaccination Procedure. This requires either a valid exemption, or to be fully vaccinated against Covid 19 which is currently 2 shots of a TGA approved vaccine. This definition may alter to include subsequent booster vaccinations as recommended by WA Health. This applies across all our Australian office facilities.
Please consider these requirements when submitting your application.
Recognition & Reward:
What you can expect from us:
Commitment to your ongoing development, including on-the-job opportunities, formal programs, coaching and mentoring
Industry-leading 18 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carer, and maintenance of superannuation or retirement benefits at the current rate during any period of unpaid parental leave for up to 24 months (plus secondary carer leave entitlements)
Values led culture
Active employee community groups for gender equality, reconciliation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians, and LGBTI+ staff and allies, and Neurodiversity
Community volunteering opportunities
Relocation assistance (if required)
A competitive remuneration package, featuring performance-based incentives, above-industry superannuation contributions and a health insurance allowance


Woodside is committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workforce culture, which is supported by our Compass values. Our aim is to attract, develop and retain a truly diverse and high-performing workforce.
We encourage diversity of age, nationality, ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical ability, cultural background, thinking styles, experience, family background, including carer commitments and education. Inclusion centres on all employees creating a climate of trust and belonging, where people feel comfortable to bring their whole self to work. We offer supportive pathways for all employees to grow and develop leadership skills. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and those seeking a more flexible working environment, including part-time opportunities


Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 16 June 2022."
41,41,"About Vanguard
Vanguard Australia has been helping investors achieve their long-term financial goals for over 20 years. Serving institutional, intermediaries and individual clients, we offer investment solutions that are low-cost, diversified and robust through time.
With more than AUD $11 trillion in assets under management, Vanguard is one of the world’s largest global investment management companies. Our comprehensive range of managed funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs) and tailored investment solutions are built to support long-term investment success for our clients.
Our Team & Opportunity
The Product Analyst will work within the Superannuation Proposition and Experience team to support the definition of a client centric vision and consistent digital experience for retail clients. This role will work with a senior Product Manager to analyse current state, consider solution options, and agree to a continuous improvement for Vanguard’s retail experience.
What you will do
Assist the Product Manager to define the roadmap of features to improve our retail experience
Work with multi-disciplinary agile teams following human centre design practices to help define opportunities, facilitate discussion of solution options, and deliver on our vision. This includes assistance in delivery of complex enhancements, across multiple delivery teams.
Gain a deep understanding of the similarities and difference between Vanguard’s Superannuation and Personal Investor product offering.
Look for synergies and opportunities to improve the client experience for those holding multiple products with Vanguard, with a relentless focus on making things easier for clients.
Collate and analyse data with assistance of data and insights team, to prioritise enhancement opportunities.
Complete product verification testing on delivered features
Monitor and report on feature success, in collaboration with relevant teams.
Evangelise the retail client vision throughout interaction with other part of the Vanguard business.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
What are we looking for
2+ years' financial markets or superannuation industry experience
1+ years’ business analysis or product analysis experience
Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience required.
Strong Microsoft Office capability.
Ability to work under tight time constraints.
Ability to work independently and perform effectively in a team environment.
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Strong verbal and written communications skills, interpersonal skills, professional attitude and presence.
Ability to deal with ambiguity and rapid change. Proven experience of working in flexible and ever-changing environment.
Inclusion Statement
Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”
We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.
When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard’s core purpose.
Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
Future of Work
During the pandemic, we transitioned to a work from home model for the majority of our crew and we continue to interview, hire, and on-board future crew remotely.
As we have developed the path forward, we have taken a thoughtful approach that both maximizes the advantages of working remotely and the many benefits of coming together and collaborating in a shared workspace. We believe that in-person interactions among our crew are important for preserving our unique culture and advantageous for the personal development of our crew.
When our Crew return to the office, many will work in our hybrid model. A smaller proportion of our crew will operate in the Work from Home work model (for example, field sales crew); or in the Work from Office model (for example, portfolio managers).
The working model that your role falls into will be communicated to you in the interview process – please do ask if you are unsure. We encourage you to make the decision regarding your job interview and offer knowing which model your role will fall into. We will test and learn as our ways of working evolve and will continue to evaluate working models along the way."
42,42,"Job Description:
REQUIREMENT
Must Have strong PL/SQL knowledge
Must have experience about Customer’s stakeholder’s management
Experience with Hadoop Technology stack (HIVE) - Desirable
Experience with multiple architectures/data model patterns for data warehousing/analytics platforms, with an understanding of the pros and cons of each approach, especially as they apply to the strengths and weaknesses of different platforms (eg. HDFS vs Teradata)
Good to have knowledge in SQL Performance tuning
Must have experience in data projects
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Visa Status / Working Rights
Notice Period
Salary Exception
Personal Email
Experience:
Senior Data Technical Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
43,43,"About the role:
An extended description of the role is included in the attached Role Statement which should be read in parallel with the Position Description. You are encouraged to ring the contact person for an informal chat about the role.
Family Violence Command was established to lead Victoria Police with a coordinated, streamlined response to this high-profile, critical topic. The Command is responsible for the delivery of high-level projects that will enable Victoria Police to improve police responses to three key themes: sexual offences, child abuse and family violence.
The Intelligence and Data Insights (IDI) team collates, coordinates, and produces strategic intelligence and organisational support products. The team works closely with internal and external stakeholders to identify key intelligence gaps, intervention, and prevention opportunities to best support our front line and organisational and response activities. IDI is a team of 4; three existing intelligence analysts and the newly created Data Analysis and Lineage role advertised here. The role was created to enhance the command's position in being data and evidence led and enhance the data analysis and lineage capabilities. The role reports directly to the Manager and has no direct reports itself.
Victoria Police is a contemporary and agile workplace and supports flexible working arrangements.

Your duties will include:

Understanding the organisational and operational environment enough to be able to contextualise the data and offer pragmatic solutions
Build expertise across multiple data systems both in understanding how they are used by the front end user, as well as the data created and how it can be utilised
Create documentation relating to the data that assists with business continuity and also builds a knowledge repository for data relating to our three key themes
Analyse data both for trends and for quality, and report on findings with confidence
Support overall command goals and business requirements by being flexible in taking on duties that extend beyond data analytics when required
Engage with colleagues and stakeholders with customer service as a focus, and enhance the general data literacy levels in the workplace
As the successful applicant, you will have:

Experience and understanding of data governance, quality, manipulation, and interpretation
Be comfortable with using Excel for data manipulation, cleansing and presentation
Experience with SQL will help in adapting to SAS Enterprise Guide, however transferrable skills from any programming language will be beneficial
Curiosity and passion: The driving force behind new discoveries, curiosity is essential in our approach to data. You will demonstrate a curious and inquisitive approach in following any piece of information in the data that could lead to answering big questions, digging deeper into issues and pulling at the thread, and overall, enjoy tracking the flow of data end to end. Enjoyment and passion toward enhancing data culture is key.
Requirements and relevant information:

One (1) x full-time, ongoing position available.
This position is located at Victoria Police Centre, 311 Spencer Street, Docklands.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
The successful candidate will be required to undergo pre-employment checks which may include fingerprint checks and misconduct screening.
In accordance with the Acting Chief Health Officer's Direction – COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions, you are required to be fully vaccinated (this includes a booster vaccination) and your employment with Victoria Police is subject to proof of vaccination.
Your application must include:

Resume (no more than three pages)
Completed application form – the word document (2. Application form) for you to complete and attach to your submission, is attached to the job advertisement. The application form must not exceed 5 pages.
Applications close midnight, 29 May 2022.
Please Note: All applications will need to be submitted through one of the following platforms; Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE) website, Victorian Government careers website (Careers.vic) or Seek. Applications will not be accepted via other platforms or email.
Current Victorian Government employees must apply via Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE).
For further information, please contact: Gordana on 0428 082 426 or via email idi-recruitment-mgr@police.vic.gov.au.You are encouraged to contact Gordana for an informal chat about the role prior to applying, just keep in mind you will gain more from the conversation if you have read the provided material in advance.
If you have a disability/medical condition and require a copy of this advertisement and attached documentation in an accessible format or would like to discuss an access requirements/reasonable adjustment for the recruitment process, please contact VPS Recruitment via email VPSRECRUITMENT@police.vic.gov.au or on (03) 8335 8081.

About Us:
Victoria Police has a dedicated workforce of more than 22,000 employees consisting of police, protective services officers, police custody officers, and public service staff. Each employee plays a vital role in providing the 24/7, 365 days a year emergency response and public safety capability the organisation delivers to its community. As a Victoria Police employee, you have a dedication and commitment to community safety.
Having a workforce that reflects the community we serve is important to Victoria Police. We want to attract and retain people of all genders, ages, religions, disability, sexual orientation, family and caring responsibilities, and cultures including people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander heritage. If you are interested in a position, we encourage you to apply as we celebrate the benefit that diversity brings to our employees, our services, and our community.
Find out what it is like working as a Victorian Public Servant for Victoria Police: https://www.police.vic.gov.au/vps"
44,44,"Maintaining security and being risk adverse are at the top of our priorities here at ING! The Security team provides security capabilities and consultancy that enable the entire organisation to be successful in a safe and secure way.
With this in mind, we have two newly created positions for an experienced Cyber Security Risk Analyst to join our Tech Security team. You’ll be responsible for monitoring the Bank’s cyber security environment across Australia region and to work as part of a collaborative team to manage the end-to-end application security process.
There will always be opportunities to learn and grow in the role, understand all aspects of security and the Tech Security team is considered a great talent cultivator with team members often being promoted into all areas of the business.
What are you going to do? You will be…

Working with risk and audit teams to help manage the banks systems within risk appetite. Identify, monitor, collect and provide evidence to Risk related control gaps for various teams.
Provide risk and control gap reporting, including generation of trend reporting for stakeholders.
Providing pragmatic security advice through the system development lifecycle, making security an integral part of the Agile lifecycle
Collaborating with delivery and infrastructure teams to analyse reported vulnerabilities and recommend appropriate mitigating strategies.
Threat modelling, identifying current and emerging technology issues including security trends, vulnerabilities and threats.
Investigating and responding to security queries and escalations from internal and external sources, including managing the events from detection to classification as an incident, and through to closure.
Working with ING Global Security team as local virtual team member.
Managing Security Monitoring related backlogs and priorities effectively according to department/organisation goals
What are we looking for? Someone who has…
Experience with infrastructure, networking and security technologies.
5+ years’ experience in IT Security or development with knowledge of scripting. Preferably from Banking / financial services.
Good understanding of Vulnerability process, security event monitoring, waiver and exemption process.
Ability to work with large volumes of data and to identify trends/regular patterns within the monitored environment to enable identification of unusual activities.
Technical security certifications (SANS, CISSP) or equivalent.
Strong communication skills – can produce professional reports and communicate technical issues in non-technical terms, both verbally and written.
Initiative and drive, a true self-starter who is confident to work independently whilst also performing more complex tasks and analysis.
Good time management and influencing skills to manage stakeholder expectations to ensure optimal outcomes are achieved.
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
About Us

At ING, we want to make life simpler and more worthwhile – for everyone who banks with us, for the people who work with us, and the community at large, too.

When you come to work at ING, you’re joining a team where individuality isn’t just accepted, it’s encouraged. We’ve built a culture that’s fun, friendly and supportive – it’s the kind of place where you can be yourself and make the most of whatever you have to offer.

We give people the freedom to take risks, think differently, take ownership of their work, and make great things happen. We’re here to help you get ahead. And with our global network, there’s plenty of scope to take your career in new directions, perhaps even ones you’ve never considered.

People of all ages, sexual orientations, cultures and backgrounds are welcome to apply – likewise if you’re an indigenous Australian, or you’re living with a disability, or you have family or caring responsibilities.

Sound like the kind of place you’d feel at home? We’d love to hear from you.
Please contact mia.annamalai@ing.com.au for more information.

(One last thing, ING operates a direct talent-sourcing model. So no agency introductions, please.)"
45,45,"Job description
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Engage business and technology teams to deliver best in class Customer Lifecycle Management capabilities
Work collaboratively with the various delivery practice groups
Provide innovative solutions that meet the needs of our business
Perform data gathering and develop business, technical and non-functional requirements
Converts business needs into functional design using knowledge of system capabilities, knowledge and architecture
Prepare technical documents such as data mapping and functional specifications
Prepare process maps
Assist in assessing and documenting the current state of business to identify and recommend improvements and verification and validation of resulting requirements
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Application Question(s):
Salary expectation
Notice period
Visa status/Working rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Business Systems Analyst(Payment/Financial Crime background): 4 years (Preferred)"
46,46,"About Woolworths Group
Woolworths Group is a food and everyday needs retailer united by the shared purpose of creating better experiences together for a better tomorrow. With more than 1,400 stores across its Woolworths Supermarkets, Countdown Supermarkets (New Zealand) and BIG W brands, and fast-growing eCommerce businesses, Woolworths Group is Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailer. A top 10 company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Woolworths Group employs more than 180,000 team members and serves more than 20 million customers a week.

Data Analyst - Strategic Store Space Optimisation Initiatives

Are you looking for an opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your ability to communicate a compelling story and build great relationships? If so, this is the ideal role for you!

Be an advocate for the use of customer-focused data and insights in the business
Work with a team that supports growth and career development
Norwest based with WFH flexibility

About the Role

As we continue to increase our customer focus and lead the food market within Australia we will continue to place a greater emphasis on strategic thinking and the ongoing development of a high-performing Commercial team.
You will have the opportunity to work on one of the biggest strategic initiatives within the Woolworths business - to deliver a differentiated offer for our customers, leveraging our data and insights to inform our space strategy and ranging decisions.

About the Role

The Macro Space Analyst is positioned within the Space and Insights team and is responsible for analysing space utilisation and performance within our stores. The individual will be responsible for deriving data-driven, fact-based recommendations to ensure store designs are customer-centric and maximise the shopping experience for our customers.

Key responsibilities include, however not limited to:
Partner with our Merchandising & Space Tribe in the delivery of tailored stores through data-driven space management
As an analyst, you will assist with the delivery of customer-focused floor plans, optimising space allocation across departments and categories, while driving continuous improvement initiatives
Deriving data-led insights, providing recommendations on space strategy and striving to maximise our Return on Space
Identify store opportunities through structured analysis and problem solving across different areas; support the build and delivery of multi-store programs driving significant incr. sales and profit outcomes
Incorporate strategic insights from qualitative and quantitative consumer and category research
Consult and collaborate confidently with stakeholders across the business to achieve desired outcomes

We Offer

An exciting career - As our business grows, so do the opportunities for our team members
Strong career progression and succession opportunities into more senior strategy positions or other business roles across Woolworths Group
Paid parental leave, Headspace Days
Strong mentorship and development; opportunity to collaborate with some of the brightest and best minds in Australia
Flexible working arrangements, excellent employee benefits & unparalleled growth opportunities
We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve.

About You

You are an analytical thinker, with capability of breaking information into component parts, patterns, and relationships & with a passion to understand customer behaviour and its links to commercial outcomes. You will have strong experience in interpreting data and deriving actionable insights to make recommendations for commercial strategies. You are a critical thinker who is able to adapt to new situations, and know-how to maximise value, sometimes, with limited information and inputs.

You will have:


A minimum of 1-2 years experience in relevant roles e.g analyst, category executive, sales analyst, account executive - Required
Confident communicator and storyteller; with strong visualisation, verbal, and written skills - Required
Advanced Excel functions e.g. pivot tables, formulas, and conditional formatting; with basic SQL skills a plus
Bachelor Degree in Business, Marketing, Finance or related subject or equal professional experience - Desirable
Understands the FMCG industry and commercial processes of Woolworths and Suppliers - Desirable

If you share our customer-first culture and enjoy influencing stakeholders, & meet a number of requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application #work180

Apply via www.wowcareers.com.au or alternatively connect with us on Linkedin for further information


Grow with the Group


Woolworths Group has announced it will be requiring Australian team members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (subject to medical and religious exemptions).


As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.


We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage. We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.


As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference.


We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.


We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other.


We’d love to hear from You


If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn or via www.wowcareers.com.au . #LI #work180.


Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
47,47,"Job Number: 506181
Work type: Full Time
Location: Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne
Categories: Digital, Data & Analytics
Hello. We’re Virgin Australia. And we’re back (in a big way).
We’re the airline that’s always done things a little different. Our way. The Virgin way. For us, flying is so much more than simply taking off and landing (although we understand that is quite important). It’s about going the extra mile, in the air and on the ground, to create authentic experiences that put our guests firmly at the heart of everything we do.
About the role:
The objective of the Senior Digital Data Analyst role is to take a leading role in driving the digital analytics team's implementation needs, conducting analysis into online customer behaviour, surfacing insight to inform digital decision-making, and working with the Group Digital Analytics Manager to co-drive the digital data strategy.
We play an integral role in driving digital transformation through intelligent use of digital customer .data. We look after analytics implementation, conduct deep-drive behavioural analysis into the digital customer journey, and produce reporting across the digital product portfolio as well as marketing campaign performance. We also play a key role in the operationalising of the organisations new Customer Data Platform, as well as driving the analytics for our new enterprise Test & Learn program.
What you’ll be doing:
Work with the digital product teams and our Martech agency to deploy tagging and analytics configuration
Build comprehensive reporting dashboards based on analytics tagging that you have helped to configure and deploy
Ensure end-to-end user tracking is in place from offsite through to onsite/conversion
Take a leading role in driving personalisation-based analytics once the platform is fully operational
Surface insight and data to inform digital experience design and strategy, as well feeding into executive reports/updates
Ensure seamless data flow between our digital assets and the CDP
You’ll be great in this role if you have:
A data driven background, with strong experience in using web analytics tools to analyse the customer journey online and identify
opportunities for improvement
Hands on experience in data and analytics roles
Experience in Adobe Experience Cloud, Adobe Analytics, TeliumIQ and PowerBI
Strong Digital Analytics tool skills across web and app
Working knowledge of data layers and how these map to front-end digital reporting tools such as Adobe Analytics
What you’ll get from us
We’re committed to looking after you, with some of the best benefits and conditions in the industry – including (but not limited to)
Heavily discounted air travel for you and your loved ones (including $1000 worth of travel credits per year)
Flexible working arrangements (including work hours and work from home)
Discounts on travel insurance, car hire, accommodation and experiences worldwide
Discounted Virgin Australia Lounge membership
Hospitality, retail, technology, beauty services and wellness discounts
Wellness support, including the betterme digital wellbeing platform
A comprehensive Employee Assistance Program, which offers confidential coaching and support from qualified professionals for all aspects of life – physical, mental, social and financial
Dress for Your Day – enjoy the freedom to wear whatever is appropriate for the type of work you do and the day you have ahead of you
Equality rules
We’re all individuals. We love that. That’s why we encourage applications from Indigenous Australians, people with disability, those from diverse cultural backgrounds, our friends in the LGBTQI+ community, and anyone else who wants to join our family.
COVID-19
The safety and security of our people, guests and operations come first. Always. That’s why we’ve put together a comprehensive ‘Mandatory COVID-19 Vaccination Policy’. In a nutshell, to work with us, you’ll need to comply with our (and the airport’s) rules and regulations. And be fully vaxxed.
Ready to apply?
We’re ready to hear from you. Apply now.
Advertised: 05 May 2022 E. Australia Standard Time
Applications close:"
48,48,"Analyse, evaluate and report on customer behaviour, market conditions and competitor performance
Support & own the development and iteration of collateral and GTM tools.
Collaborate with marcomms to support the development of personalised customer communication
We're REA
An Australian start-up success story we're quietly proud of.
From a garage in Melbourne to the global stage is an achievement we're humbled by. Our idea to put pictures of houses on the internet has blossomed since 1995, and we now have businesses across Australia, Asia, India and North America.
Our purpose is to change the way the world experiences property. No matter where you're at on your property journey, we're here to help on every step - whether that's buying, selling, renting or renovating.
Some of our brands include realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au, spacely.com.au, Flatmates.com.au, Proptrack.com, Smartline.com.au and Mortgage Choice.
We’re proud to have been named one of Australia’s Best Workplaces for 2021. This recognition is a great proof point of our unique and special culture. A culture that is driven by our people, our values, and our commitment to making a difference in the community.
What we’re doing
As a Marketing Analyst, you will work within our Customer Analytics & Insights team mostly across our Developer, Commercial and Media lines of business but sometimes supporting Residential. You will analyse customer and market trends to inform product development, support customer relationship, marketing effectiveness.
Working closely with the GTM and Marketing teams to drive marketing effectiveness and capability through the development of customer/market/competitor insights. Your mission is to help us reimagine the way we provide insights, while supporting the day-to-day activities of the broader team
While no two days are ever the same, you’ll:
Look after the delivery of analytics & reporting to meet marketing & product needs and drive strategic decision making
Analyse, evaluate and report on customer behaviour, market conditions and competitor performance to identify opportunities and support the development of business strategies.
Support the development of Customer and Market segmentation models to enhance sales/marketing/product strategies, identify business opportunities and to enhance customer behavioural communications and customer targeting
Collaborate with marketing comms to support the development of personalised/tailored customer communications and messaging through behaviour profiling
Support & own the development and iteration of collateral and GTM tools such as Sales Preso. Responsible for sourcing data and supporting design and development.
Support the improvement and utilisation of key customer information and marketing databases e.g. Sales Force, Principle Database, etc to enhance direct to customer communications capability
Who we’re looking for:
A relationship builder, someone who can work closely with key stakeholders
Looks at tricky situations through a solutions-focused lens
Proven track record in developing and delivering commercial business outcomes
Someone who has strong technical capability & knowledge in ETL, Tableau, Excel, Tableau & SQL
First class communication – written, verbal and presenting skills
Someone who is proactive, curious, a relationship builder and has strong influencing skills
Ability to collaborate in a complex, fast paced business
3+ Years experience in Data & Analytics
An analytical mindset and approach
But we don’t just look for someone based on their skills and expertise. It’s our connection, acceptance and genuine care for each other that makes REA a great place to work. That means you also need to be:

Savvy minded and have the ability to think a little left of field / outside the box
A strong and creative communicator
Friendly, approachable and have good relationship management skills
An avid supporter of our fully inclusive culture - we celebrate difference and ensure that everyone belongs
The REA experience
The physical, mental, emotional and financial health of our people is something we’ll never stop caring about. This is a place to learn and grow. We’re committed to your development – both professionally and personally. Your experience with us is something we take seriously.

We offer:
Because We Care program which includes volunteer leave and community grants, to ensure you have the opportunity to give back to your community
Hack Days so you can bring your big ideas to life
An additional day of leave just for your birthday
A flexible working environment meaning we strike the balance of what you need and what works for the business (and yes, our leaders fully understand the flexible working policy)
A hybrid approach to the future of work -
https://www.rea-group.com/blog/the-way-we-work-at-rea-a-hybrid-approach/
Free breakfast (and who doesn’t love a free brekkie)
Industry leading gender-neutral parental leave

Oh, and by the way:
At REA we value diversity and inclusion in all forms. Gender, religion, ethnicity, LBTGIQ+, neurodiversity and so much more. Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of the criteria, women and other marginalized folks tend to only apply when they check every box. So if you've got the must-haves, dedication and enthusiasm to learn but don't necessarily meet every single point on the job description, please still get in touch. We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit.
If you like the sound of us, then we think you should apply today. We're proud to be Circle Back Initiative Employer and we commit to respond to every applicant. While we're looking at your application, and preparing to come back to you with an update, why not get to know us a bit more through our various social channels?"
49,49,"See yourself being part of a large, transformational change? This could be the role for you!

Who We Are:
At Iress, we believe technology should help people perform better every day. Since our beginning in 1993, people across financial services have trusted us to take their performance to the next level. From the world’s most established financial brands to new and disruptive players, we help improve every aspect of our clients’ businesses so that they can work better, every day. Iress is one of Australia’s largest technology companies and employs more than 2,300 people across Australia, United Kingdom, Africa, Canada, France, New Zealand and Asia.

The Role:
As the Finance Analyst, the financial control responsibilities will include delivering high quality, timely and insightful reporting to meet both the monthly reporting requirements and full/half year audits. This will include both internal and external reporting. Part of this role will also include supporting the Lead Business Partner and operational management of the APAC Advice and Trading business, to support the formulation and implementation of strategy, and deliver insight and data to support decision making and the achievement of financial targets.

What you will be doing:
Supporting end-to-end delivery of month end, including posting and reviewing journals, ledger/sub-ledger reconciliations, delivery of reporting packs to business partners, reporting to executives/board members, revenue reporting into local executive team
Completing the annual/half year audit for group and statutory entities, and relationship management with external auditors on all deliverables
Supporting the delivery of monthly financial insight and data to support decision making and the achievement of financial goals
Assisting the delivery of annual budgets, quarterly forecasts and 5 year financial projections
Be the subject matter expert for all systems infrastructure change management and adoption associated with the area

What you will need:
Qualified CPA/CA certificate
Previous experience in financial control - ability to post general ledger journals and to understand the drivers
Strong technical accounting skills, with an ability to apply accounting standard knowledge to real issues
Advanced computer literacy in Microsoft products, particularly Excel. Experience in Netsuite and Adaptive Insights is an advantage
Willingness to challenge and question existing practices and drive improvement
Able to illustrate well-developed problem solving skills

Why work with us?
6 paid days per year to extend your weekends
State-of-the-art offices
Equity grants for our top 25% performers
Annual Profit Share when Iress meets its annual profit targets
Access to learning and development programs through Udemy
3 days’ leave per year for charity initiatives
Global 36-hour hackathon
Starting school leave - 8.5 days of leave to assist your kids with the transition to school
Discounted health insurance premiums
Up to 26 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carers (up to 4 weeks for secondary carers), and the ability to work part-time when returning to work.

Employment Type
Employee
Time Type
Full time"
50,50,"Location:
Sydney Olympic Park, New South Wales


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Commercial


Salary:
AU$700 - AU$800 per day


Reference:
CR/011187_1651038760


Our client, a Sydney Olympic Park based organisation, is looking for a BI Reporting Analyst.
About the role
Create reports and dashboards
Engage with stakeholder of different levels
Create documentations and presentations
Skills and experience
3+ years' experience as a Reporting or Data Analyst
Advanced BI knowledge
Hands-on with PowerBI
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
What's on offer
12 months' engagement
Hybrid work, with 1-2 days/week in the office
Up to $800 inc super per day or fix-term salary
What's next
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Who we are
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries. These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights."
0,0,"Location:
Sydney Olympic Park, New South Wales


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Commercial


Salary:
AU$700 - AU$800 per day


Reference:
CR/011187_1651038760


Our client, a Sydney Olympic Park based organisation, is looking for a BI Reporting Analyst.
About the role
Create reports and dashboards
Engage with stakeholder of different levels
Create documentations and presentations
Skills and experience
3+ years' experience as a Reporting or Data Analyst
Advanced BI knowledge
Hands-on with PowerBI
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
What's on offer
12 months' engagement
Hybrid work, with 1-2 days/week in the office
Up to $800 inc super per day or fix-term salary
What's next
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Who we are
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries. These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights."
1,1,"Macquarie Asset Management is currently building out their CRM capability, working across regions to consolidate their instances of Salesforce.com into a single global platform for distribution teams. To support this, a permanent feature team is being established to enable ongoing evolution of the platform.
As a Salesforce Business Analyst, you would be primarily responsible for communication between our business users/management in the AsiaPac region and our Salesforce Feature Team. You would need to clearly articulate and solve the business issues using existing and potentially new features or capabilities within the Salesforce platform.
Key to the role will be gaining a rapid understanding of the distribution model in Macquarie Asset Management, determining how best to add value to the client facing teams.
As our Salesforce Business Analyst your key responsibilities will include:
Acting as the main point of contacts for all AsiaPac users and stakeholders accessing or leveraging data from our Salesforce orgs.
Creating process to best facilitate communication between business and feature team
Assisting in the prioritization of wants/needs across the business/marketing in region.
Working with sales managers, sales professionals, and consultants in developing appropriate capabilities, reports, and dashboards in support of Macquarie Asset Management client and management initiatives.
identifying, capturing, and accurately documenting the business processes across multiple business functions.
Facilitating requirements workshop with business stakeholders
Capturing detailed functional, technical, reporting & data requirements and support the translation of these requirement documents in to functional and technical specifications.
Conducting analysis of systems specifications and use analysis/diagramming tools to represent business / technical processes.
carrying out business, testing and training requirements gathering; workflow analysis, gap analysis, user stories, test case development and functional design.
Providing support to Salesforce users in sales and customer relationship teams, and act as the primary point of contact for end-user support.
Demonstrating Salesforce capabilities to solve business problems by implementing Proof of Value pilots and producing the supporting documentation.
Collaborating with end-users to create and maintain training materials.
Managing relationships with stakeholders to achieve project goals.
Staying up to date with the periodic Salesforce releases and leverage the updates applicable to the org & provide critical communication to users where needed.
Your ability to clearly communicate between the business and technical specialists will help you excel in this role. You will have excellent written and oral communication skills, be a highly motivated, proactive and resilient individual. You will demonstrate sound business judgement and possess strong interpersonal skills which will give you the ability to liaise with stakeholders at all levels.
You will have experience in identifying process improvements and enhancements through SFDC utilization and future capabilities, along with project management skills which will be beneficial in this role.
Your experience in the Financial Services Industry - Asset Management, including alternative assets will be valuable to be a key player on this team. In addition to change management/user adoption and training skills which are recommended.
Finally, proficiency in data management and/or analytics platforms (Excel, Access, Microsoft power BI, Einstein Analytics) will be leveraged regularly.
About Macquarie Asset Management
Macquarie Asset Management is a large scale, global asset manager, providing clients with access to a diverse range of capabilities and products across infrastructure, real estate, natural resources, private credit, fixed income, equities, multi-asset and liquid alternatives. As at 31 March 2021, Macquarie Asset Management had $A562.2 billion of assets under management.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive."
2,2,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We are looking for a Technical Business Analyst within the Technology Consulting – Data and Analytics team in our Perth office.

As a Technical Business Analyst, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions and digging around in the data when needed.
Designing and building reports – capture data requirements for the client and team
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Have experience in business intelligence, data warehousing or advanced analytics projects.

To qualify for the role, you must have

Creating requirements specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating workshop sessions, and using the necessary business analyst tools.
Working with SQL databases and database querying languages.
With programming skills such as Python and R.
Hands on experience working technologies/platform e.g. Power BI, Microsoft suite, Jira/Confluence, Azure DevOps.

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience with cloud deployment (AWS, Azure)
Exceptional communication, documentation, and presentation skills.
Ability to problem-solve and think critically.
Technical reconciliation and reporting skills.
Some development experience would be advantageous but not essential.

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
3,3,"Senior Data Analyst - Quality and Patient Safety (523197)
Department of Health
Clin Quality, Rgltn & Acred
CQRA - Clin Governance, Qlty & Ptnt Sfty


Applications must be submitted by Sunday 29 May, 2022 11:55 PM
Position details
Applications close:
Sunday 29 May, 2022 11:55 PM AEST


Award/Classification:
Health and Human Services (Tasmanian State Service) Award/General Stream, Band 6




Employment Type:
Part Time


Region:
North


Applicants are advised that in accordance with Tasmanian Public Health Directions, all employees of the Department of Health must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. This step is critical in protecting both our health workforce and vulnerable Tasmanians in our care.
The Team:
The Clinical Quality, Regulation and Accreditation Group (CQRA) consolidates specialist advice on health professional, policy and clinical issues impacting the Tasmanian health system, to the Secretary of the Department of Health (DoH).
The Role:
The Senior Data Analyst - Quality and Patient Safety contributes to the successful positioning of the Agency as a leader in the provision of high quality, accountable and measurable healthcare, both internally and externally, by:
Acting as an expert resource to the statewide Quality and Patient Safety Service (QPSS) within Clinical Quality, Regulation and Accreditation regarding clinical data and information management indicators associated with the service.
Providing data analytics services to the statewide QPSS, including the provision and management of relevant, high quality informatics.
Working extensively with the QPSS teams within the services/regions and clinicians to promote and support the effective use of data through development of data analysis and reporting mechanisms that meet the strategic plan for the Service.
Producing regular reports for governing entities that reflect Patient Safety, Quality Improvement and Compliance System Key Performance Indicators.
Note: - Please refer to the Statement of Duties for all the selection criteria of this position to address in your application.
Details of Appointment:
Permanent, part time day work position working 7.6 hours per fortnight commencing 6 June 2022.
notwithstanding hours may be negotiated with the successful applicant
Applicants should note that, for a period of six months from the date of publication, this selection process may be used to fill subsequent or similar full time and part time vacancies.
Location:
Launceston
Salary: $97,266 to $110,374 pro-rata per annum+ 10% superannuation
Salary range is in accordance with Public Sector Unions Wages Agreement 2019
Applicants should note the following criteria are desirable:
Relevant postgraduate qualifications
Current Driver’s Licence
The Head of the State Service has determined that the person nominated for this job is to satisfy a pre‑employment check before taking up the appointment, on promotion or transfer. The following checks are to be conducted:
Conviction checks in the following areas:
crimes of violence
sex related offences
serious drug offences
crimes involving dishonesty
Identification check
Disciplinary action in previous employment check.
Download the Statement of Duties and any Associated Documents
We encourage you to review the Applicant Guide and Statement of Duties, prior to applying for an overview of the duties, program, selection process and selection criteria.


Applicant Guide


How to Apply


You will be prompted to complete a 1-2 page application detailing your experience, skills and knowledge as they relate to the attached Statement of Duties.
Please Note:
We do not require a separate statement addressing the selection criteria in the Statement of Duties.
All attachments must be in Microsoft Word or PDF format.
Referee details are submitted as part of the online application so make sure you have the contact details of two referees before applying.
For More Information
Amanda Cruwys
Patient Safety Manager – Consumer Engagement
(03) 6777 4235
amanda.cruwys@ths.tas.gov.au


Important Information
The email account you provide when submitting job applications will be used in correspondence to you. It is important that this is kept up to date and monitored regularly.
To update your email address (or contact number), log in to www.jobs.tas.gov.au and look for “Existing applicant login” where you can update your details
The Department of Health values workforce diversity and recognises the value each person offers which is shaped by their unique characteristics, background, experiences, knowledge, skills, values and perspectives."
4,4,"• 0-3 years relevant experience in financial/business analysis • Experience defining requirements and using data and metrics to draw business insights • Experience making business recommendations and influencing stakeholders • Experience in SQL • Experience with Microsoft Excel

Job summary
The Financial Analyst will report to the FP&A Lead and partner with onsite finance teams located in Australia, to support various analytical, planning and reporting needs. This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast-paced business at Amazon. The successful candidate will be strategic, analytical, and have a demonstrated ability to effectively manage the financial responsibilities of a high-growth business.

This position will be responsible for building and managing critical performance indicators and business analyses and requires a candidate with strong technical experience, project management skills and communication skills. The successful candidate will be comfortable working in cross-functional teams, and demonstrate strong leadership skills. The ideal candidate must have superior attention to detail and the ability to successfully manage multiple competing priorities simultaneously. The position represents an exciting opportunity to be a part of an extremely dynamic and high paced environment, supporting a global organization and offers significant opportunities for rapid growth.

-
In the spirit of reconciliation Amazon acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of country throughout Australia and their connections to land, sea and community. We pay our respect to their elders past and present and extend that respect to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples today.

-
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer, and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or other legally protected attributes.

-
Our team operates out of our fabulous CBD office (conveniently located near many transportation options), and from home (during COVID-19) leveraging technology.
Amazon offers employees a competitive remuneration package, including participation in the company stock plan as applicable. We also look after our people with benefits, such as subsidized private health insurance, superannuation and paid parental leave options, amongst others.

Key job responsibilities

Support ongoing financial processes and drive/improve controllership.
Participate in quarterly forecast, annual plan and long range plan of a portion of the business.
Design, develop and maintain scaled, automated, user-friendly systems, reports, dashboards, etc. that will support our internal partners.
Report key insight trends, using statistical rigor to simplify and inform the larger team of noteworthy story lines.
Own and perform individual deep dive analyses, including communicating results and implications to leaders.

• University degree in Business, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, or other quantitative discipline. • Advanced knowledge of data analysis and experience analyzing large and complex data sets from multiple sources. • Experience leading large-scale analytics projects using AWS technologies (e.g. Redshift, S3, Quicksight, etc.). • Proven ability to mine data and use it to back up assumptions and test hypotheses • Experience working with senior leaders and end-customers to define requirements and reporting needs."
5,5,"Location: Docklands, VIC, AU, 3008
Entity: Tango Energy Australia Pty Ltd
Tango Energy is proudly owned by Pacific Hydro Australia. Our business first started in 2012 with a range of competitive energy products delivering value to our fast-growing customer base. With a new CEO and 5-year strategic plan, the business is taking the next step in an exciting future reflecting the importance that renewable energy has in Australia's future.
A career with us is more than just a job. You will be helping us to lead Australia to an affordable, clean energy future, working on renewable energy projects that deliver positive social, environmental and economic outcomes.


About us
Tango Energy is proudly owned by Pacific Hydro Australia. Our business first started in 2012 with a range of competitive energy products delivering value to our fast-growing customer base. With a new CEO and 5-year strategic plan, the business is taking the next step in an exciting future reflecting the importance that renewable energy has in Australia's future.
This is an exciting time to join the team as we are experiencing significant growth and are seeking someone keen to be part of contributing to the changes we are making. We provide options for our staff to work a mix of in the office and at home.


About you
This Business Analyst role will be the key liaison between business stakeholders and technical staff. You will be responsible for preparation of documentation of system workflows, data flows and functionality, conducting gap analysis between as-is and to-be solutions. You will also be working with our test team and managing systems, projects, and external vendors.


Qualification and Skills
Tertiary qualification in a relevant field preferred
Previous experience as a Business Analyst
Experience in electricity retail business especially in billing preferred
Understanding of system data structures
Understanding of basic SQL server (preferred)
Agile background with the ability to define user stories


Some of our benefits
Support of flexible working arrangements
Geelong free on-site parking
An always-changing calendar of fun events and friendly competitions
Reward & Recognition Program
Being a part of a diverse and engaging work culture
You will also have access to a range of benefits such as Wellbeing Leave, Volunteer Leave, Purchased Annual leave, income protection insurance and great employee rates on electricity and gas.


The requirements of this role mean that you will need to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
For this role, candidates with the eligible right to work in Australia will be considered."
6,6,"Flexible workplace (WFH), working as part of a Data Engineering team, with a focus on data migration

Nationally recognized brand is currently seeking a Data Analyst to aid in their data migration to the cloud.

SQL will be the core of what you do, so they need you to be an expert in that space.
Bonus expertise would be SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Power BI, DAX, Azure, ADF, Python.
You will be working as part of a strong data engineering team, so will you naturally learn these bonus skills as you go anyway.
Skill set / Experience needed -
5+ years relevant work experience in analytics, business intelligence, or data science
Experience with one or more data vizualisation tools (Tableau, Power BI, Qlik, etc.)
Expert-level skills in SQL (essential)
Ability to work well in a fast-paced environment with a positive attitude
Ability to communicate complex findings to a broad audience
Collaborate with business units to perform requirements analysis, project scoping and data analysis
Build reports and dashboards that work reliably for the business and are accurate
Assist in the design and implementation of standards and procedures and ensure documentation of data and analytics processes are consistently maintained according to best practices
Understand the implications of data integrity and reporting as a result of upstream / downstream changes ensuring risks are identified and mitigated
Work collaboratively with internal teams to drive efficiency and quality solutions that satisfy business needs
Experience with the Microsoft BI stack, including Azure SQL DB, SSAS Tabular, SSIS, Azure Data Factory (nice to have)
Experience with DAX (nice to have)
Attention to detail to consistently deliver high quality output
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills and ability to think creatively
If you like transforming data into information and transforming information into insights, then this is the role for you.

Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
Learn more about our Sydney recruitment services https://www.roberthalf.com.au/sydney"
7,7,"Job no: 509776
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra, Parramatta, Sydney, Wollongong, Penrith, Rhodes, Newcastle/Hunter, Adelaide
Division: Audit, Assurance & Risk Consulting

Join KPMG’s Risk Data and Digital Talent Community and start planning your future
We do our best work together
Learn how we value, celebrate and support our employees
KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities.
Why join our Data and Digital Talent Community?
In line with our values “For better” we are committed to taking a long term view with our recruitment, to make KPMG a better firm for future generations. We do our best work together, so if you’re interested in joining our team and building a future with KPMG, we still want to hear from you.
Relationships are important and sometimes they take time. Joining our Talent Community is an opportunity for us to get to know each other. We’ll help you understand if KPMG is the place for you and, if it is, we’ll work together to identify the right roles and teams for when the time is right for you to make the move.


KPMG’s Strategy, Growth and Digital – how we work and our integrated teams
We provide unique services through delivering consulting projects, data trust management, custom analytics work, AI, proofs of concept and data platforms. Working in our team you'll be mixing with some of the brightest minds while working on significant commercial projects – solving real world problems at some of the nation's most respected companies, using some of the most exciting and interesting data you wouldn’t normally have access to.
Our highly skilled Data & Analytics team helps our clients to use their data resources for creating value, managing risk, enhancing competitiveness and driving business decisions within Data & Analytics.
Our mission is to assist organisations turn their data into strategic assets, developing data strategies and data management practices that enable responsible innovation and drive trust in emerging technologies (i.e. artificial intelligence)
We work closely with multiple industries and academia to explore the new and evolving risks posed by Big Data and Artificial Intelligence, and develop new approaches to make ethics in data and Artificial Intelligence real for our clients.
Our Data Remediation team supports our client on complex engagements as they seek to restore trust and address regulatory and legal challenges that are high priorities for boards and executives. Working as a part of a cross-functional team, our consultants use data to understand and define the issue and implement a solution along with the required governance and control frameworks. We work on these high-impact engagements at client sites and also with our KPMG Managed Services Operation Centre and leverage technologies and tools developed in Australia and from our global network
Our Tech solutions team leverages cutting-edge technology solutions to supports our clients with their risk and regulatory related challenges
Are you Extraordinary?
At KPMG, we believe diversity of thought, background and unique experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities.
We’re interested in hearing from extraordinary people at all levels with skills and experience that could include:
Data Scientist: Using Data Science techniques and Machine Learning skills over Big Data
Data Engineer: Engineering modern data solutions or pipelines to facilitate advanced analytics, visualisation & interactive data applications
Data Analyst: Analysing and business consulting with data – using relational databases (SQL), data workbench & visualisation tools for project delivery, applying business logic and interpreting results
Data Management Specialist: strong understanding of data management principles and how to apply them including knowledge of models such as DCAM, DMBOK, regulatory frameworks such as BCBS 239, CPG 235 and principles and practices of data quality, lineage, master / reference data management
You will have:
A sound understanding of digital and cognitive technologies and analytics, information management and business process based solutions
Demonstrable industry knowledge; understanding the way your primary industry functions and how data can be collected, analysed and utilized; maintaining flexibility in the face of big data developments
Experience in financial services, telecommunications, government and retail is not mandatory but highly regarded
Possess the following traits:
Intellectual curiosity; exploring new territories and finding creative and unusual ways to solve data management problems.
Patience, as nothing will work the first time.
Focus; enjoy working in the detail and understanding the intricacies of how and why a data pipeline works as it does.
A disciplined approach to problem solving and an ability to critically assess a range of information to differentiate true business needs as opposed to user requests
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Proven ability to develop and manage enduring client relationships, engendering a sense of trust and respect
Have a questioning mind and lots of bright ideas
Be a critical thinker with strong analytical and problem solving skills
Be comfortable with manipulating and combining large, high dimensional datasets from multiple sources
Have an ability to interpret findings and identify key insights to communicate to a non-technical audience
Have demonstrated experience building relationships with internal and/or external clients
Possess business development capability to utilise your professional networks and further develop this with us


The KPMG Difference
At KPMG, we’re passionate about creating an inclusive workplace that promotes and values diversity. We believe that everyone’s unique experiences enable us to deliver meaningful benefits for our people, our clients and communities. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, ages, religions, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, LGBTIQ+ people, those with a disability, women and people with a cultural or linguistically diverse background.
We embrace flexibility as a key principle to allow our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal and family life.
KPMG has a decade-long, proud commitment to Indigenous Australia, as demonstrated by the achievement of an Elevate level Reconciliation Action Plan. KPMG is a foundation member and Principal Partner of Pride in Diversity started in Australia by ACON and the Diversity Council of Australia, and is recognised in the Australian Workplace Equality Index(AWEI) which evaluates LGBTIQ+ inclusiveness in the workplace. KPMG Australia has been consistently recognised as an Employer of Choice in the Australian Government’s Workplace Gender Equality Agency(WGEA) annual index.


Flexibility empowers wellbeing
Flexibility enables contribution to the community
Flexibility inspires technology & innovation
Flexibility supports family


Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
To join our Talent Community, please click .
Advertised: 13 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 30 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
8,8,"In this role, you will work as part of our team of Data Specialists. You will be a data advisor to the business helping with understanding the business problem and using data to help solve it. We have some exciting projects coming up in this space for FY23 so it's a great time to join the team!
Responsibilities:
You identify business needs and obtain, analyse, define, communicate, and validate requirements for agreed changes to our data and analytic solutions and strategic data platform.
Partner with SMEs and leaders across the organisation to enhance Great Southern Bank’s tactical and strategic analytic solutions.
Ensure that stakeholder data requirements are understood and framed in the context of the enterprise data platform.

Skills & Experience:
4+ years’ experience as a technical business analyst with demonstrated strong business analysis skills, including stakeholder management, requirements gathering and documentation
Coding experience in either SAS or SQL
Sound written and verbal communication skills including developing data requirements, solution documentation, facilitating workshops, building relationships and interacting with stakeholders within all levels of the organisation
Experience in facilitating data modelling sessions with business stakeholders to elicit conceptual data models
Previous exposure to working with Business Analysts, Data Architects and Data Engineers

A little bit about us...
CUA has entered an ambitious and exciting growth phase and is now known as Great Southern Bank- Australia’s largest customer owned bank. Focusing on the next stage our of development as an organisation and repositioning to remain relevant to our customers-current and future-we are investing significantly in technology, products, and people! We have a culture that’s fun, approachable and supportive- allowing our team members to be their best every day, whether that’s at work or at home!

We’re hugely excited about the journey ahead and are looking for talented and enthusiastic people who want to be part of a winning team. If you are motivated, energetic and dedicated to helping our customers achieve the great Australian dream, we want to hear from you!

Questions? Please contact Helen Brady from our Talent Acquisition team at helen.brady@gsb.com.au
At Great Southern Bank, we’re committed to building a strong, inclusive and diverse workplace, where people feel a sense of belonging, are valued, connected and respected. We value diverse backgrounds, cultures, abilities, ideas and experiences; recognising the benefits they bring to our work, our communities and the way we help our customers. We support and promote an inclusive culture through flexible ways of working, collaboration, fair and equitably decision making that empowers our people to be at their best every day.
#LI-111271553_SC1"
9,9,"Exciting opportunity using data to drive and support policy and programs helping students with disability reach outcomes.
Temporary Full-Time up to 13 March 2024
Location: Parramatta


About the Department of Education
The Department of Education is the largest provider of public education in Australia with responsibility for delivering high-quality public education to two-thirds of the NSW student population.
For more information about the Department of Education, please visit NSW Department of Education
The Disability Strategy team sits within the Inclusion and Wellbeing Directorate. The Disability Strategy team is responsible for the implementation of the department’s Disability Strategy which sets out the department’s plan for providing children and young people with disability, their families and the broader community with an education system that meets their needs.


About the role
The Senior Data Analyst conducts current and future state analysis and documents requirements, processes and procedures to support the delivery of and maintain an Outcomes Framework for students with disability.
For further information please view the role description.
Essential requirements of the role
Hold a valid clearance to work with children (Working with Children Check) for paid employment.
Tertiary qualifications in a related discipline and/or equivalent knowledge, skills and experience with demonstrated commitment to ongoing professional development.
Highly experienced in MS Excel for data manipulation and synthesis.



Key knowledge and experience
Knowledge of and commitment to implementing the Department’s Aboriginal Education Policy and upholding the Department’s Partnership Agreement with the NSW AECG and to ensure quality outcomes for Aboriginal people.


About you
Strong communication & attention to detail.
Be a self-starter & can think outside the square.
Be passionate about making a difference.
Strong analytical skills.
Strong communication & interpersonal skills.
A passion and curiosity for exploring and discovering new insights from data.
Outstanding problem-solving skills including the ability to work with ambiguity.
Proven experience extracting, cleansing and analysing large and complex datasets.
Experience undertaking large-scale research and analysis of statistical data.
Demonstrate high experience in computer packages such as Excel or a specialist software used for analysis.
Demonstrate a sound understanding of data, analysis and reporting (particularly synthesis of large volumes of data into readily understood information).


Benefits
Opportunity to make a difference at Department of Education
Flexible work-life balance
Competitive salary
35 hour week


How to apply
When applying you will need to:
Attach a resume (maximum 5 pages) and a cover letter (maximum 3 pages) outlining how you meet the requirements and capabilities of this role.
Note: the selection process will include a range of assessment techniques to assist in determining your suitability for the role. Successful candidates will be required to undertake pre-employment screening for this role which includes a Working with Children Check and National Criminal History Check.
This is a child-related role. As a condition of employment you will be required to provide a Working with Children Check (WWCC) Clearance number and complete a National Criminal Record Check. Visit the website for more information.
Closing date: 29 May 2022 at 11:59pm.
For role enquiries please contact Kavitha Selvakumar on 02 7814 2427 or email kavitha.selvakumar@det.nsw.edu.au
COVID-19 Vaccination certification: Under the Direction from the Secretary issued 22 November 2021, all Department of Education corporate staff, early childhood education staff and non-school based staff are required to meet the mandatory double vaccination requirements, or provide a valid medical contraindication certificate, by no later than 30 January 2022 to attend a Department of Education site.
We welcome applications from all ages and genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTQIA+ community, veterans, refugees and people with disability. If we can make some adjustments to our recruitment/interview process to better enable you to shine, please contact the Diversity and Inclusion Team (dandi@det.nsw.edu.au) or visit NSW Department of Education Diversity and Inclusion.”
A talent pool may be created through this recruitment process. A talent pool is a group of applicants who have been assessed and identified as suitable for this role, and who may be considered for a range of similar roles, including temporary, term or ongoing roles, over the next 18 months."
10,10,"Overview
To provide investment operations support to Link Fund Solution’s boutique fund managers covering a range of portfolio administration functions namely valuations, corporate actions, cash forecasting, performance reporting, trade settlement management, cash movements, broker and custodian liaison, and relationship management.



Key Accountabilities and Main Responsibilities
Reconciliation of cash records, positions and trades to the custodian/ PB
Ensuring timely delivery of various reporting requirements to fund managers
Updating portfolio system relating to investment trades, settlements, corporate actions, income receipts and cash movements
Post trade compliance monitoring
Preparation of reconciled month end portfolios for accountants to complete unit pricing
Preparation of periodic reports to fund managers, their clients, and asset consultants
Build and maintain effective relationships with wholesale and retail clients
Liaison with custodians, fund managers and brokers
Regular reviews of Investment Operations processes and procedures with a view to implementing efficiency and accuracy improvements
Involved in Project work to improve service quality e.g. system implementations / upgrades / testing
Gross Asset Value (GAV) production and review
Play an active role in the on-boarding of new clients and ensuring the effective and timely implementation of client change requests
Peer review of data entry and allocated tasks
Train, mentor and coach junior members of the team
Investment types both domestic and international will include Equities, Futures, Options, FX, Currency forwards, Swaps, Fixed Income, and Managed Funds
Experience & Personal Attributes
3 - 4 years registry experience in a custody, fund administrator or fund manager environment within a high volume, client focused working environment
Tertiary degree in relevant field such as Finance, Accounting or Commerce
Strong understanding of investment products, markets & securities
Strong understanding of fixed interest and derivatives product classes
Preferred systems knowledge – IRESS, Omgeo
Oversight, review and preparation of team’s daily deliverables
Problem solving and implementing practical solutions
Ongoing monitoring and improvement of risk and compliance controls
Training, mentoring and providing feedback to staff
Proactively responds and adapts to change – supports and influences strategies to enable business transformation and enhancement
Excellent written & verbal communication– expressing ideas effectively in individual and group situations
Excellent organization skill - ability to multi-task in a high-pressure environment
Attention to detail – ensure accuracy and efficiency of daily tasks and high personal standards in all work areas
Team orientation – works with the team and the broader organization towards shared goals and treats all colleagues and clients as partners


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


We are a leading independent Authorised Fund Manager and provider of fund administration and transfer agency services.
We leverage our specialist knowledge and technology to support traditional and alternative funds in UK, Ireland, Luxembourg and Australia. With a focus on strong governance, regulatory expertise and risk management, our business helps to manage regulatory compliance for asset managers and investors.
Our unique place in the market, combined with our partnership approach, depth of experience and well-invested systems, enables us to support investment managers through the challenges of changing market and investor needs, and, as a result, help them to enhance returns, minimise costs and mitigate their risks.
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
11,11,"Date: 26-Apr-2022

Location:
Melbourne, VIC, AU

Department: In-Demand Skills

Description:
Interesting, challenging finance function centric client problems to solve
Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best
Mentoring and development programs - receive support and coaching to progress your career
18-weeks paid parental leave for eligible staff

Our diverse and inclusive assurance and advisory team is growing more than ever as our clients come to us to solve today’s and tomorrow’s finance issues – and that’s why we need you – to help us make an impact that matters!

About the team

In Finance Assurance, our team applies their understanding of technology, how finance functions work, and financial reporting, accounting and audit requirements to help our clients in the private and public sectors navigate and solve their burning issues by bringing innovative, thoughtful, efficient and effective solutions. In this way, our clients make more timely and informed business decisions.

We also believe in bringing the best of our firm to our clients and regularly collaborate with other specialists within our firm in delivering these solutions.

Our areas of expertise include advising on:
End to End accounting and reporting implications of proposed or planned transactions (such as mergers, acquisitions, integrations, separations, and restructuring), changes to the Australian Accounting Standards or other regulatory requirements
business issues which have reporting implications such as ESG (environmental, social, and corporate governance) and climate change
accounting or financial reporting change implementations
technology (including data analytics), internal control or process/performance enhancements that can be made to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of finance functions processes and reporting
compliance with financial contractual obligations
finance function support at month end, year-end, or on call.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

Are you curious, practical, love learning, relish a challenge, are collaborative, thrive on working on a variety of diverse problems from clients in different industries and sectors and being part of a fun, professional team? If so, read on!

We’re looking for someone with:
3+ years of experience within accounting, finance or audit
Qualifications in an accounting/finance degree and CA qualification or equivalent
Strong technical financial reporting and accounting skills
Excellent skills delivering finance or accounting advisory projects or internal improvement activities
Well-developed relationship management skills
Strong project management skills across all aspects of managing finance or accounting projects
Excellent collaborative skills, precision thinking and a dedicated work ethic
Strong experience in managing variety of stakeholders effectively, both externally and internally
Experience in coaching and guiding other team members in applying tools, guidance and methodology in delivering projects

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
12,12,"If you have an appreciation for Data Management and are looking to build your career in this rapidly growing specialisation, there is a unique and exciting opportunity to join the Group Data Office within Macquarie’s Financial Management Group. This role will see you working closely with stakeholders across the business to identify critical data and drive effective data management across our group.
What impact will you have?
As a Data Management Executive, you will work alongside large change initiatives, guiding the implementation of our data management steps. You will build relationships with these stakeholders, helping to increase understanding of data governance and promote accountability for its ongoing implementation.
In joining the team, you will:
support the Group Data Officer in the strategy and project planning for data management processes and policies
work with stakeholders to understand their critical data, business processes and data flows & controls
be involved in documentation and data element mapping across systems (definitions, validations, lineage, and assessment of data controls)
work to implement and embed the use of new data management tools across the business
assist with designing processes and templates to facilitate effective data management.
What skills will you use?
To be successful in the role, you will possess 2 + years’ experience working with data management principles. This experience may have been gained through building data solutions, identifying data requirements or addressing data quality issues. Other key skills include:
knowledge of data management and data governance principles
prior experience translating technical concepts into business concepts
ability to produce detailed documentation – including mapping business processes and data elements
excellent communication skills and desire to partner with business stakeholders to solve interesting problems.
This is an exciting opportunity where you will find yourself involved in diverse work, utilising your strong communication skills to work collaboratively with and build relationships across multiple business groups.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-958976
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Accounting & Finance, Data & Analytics, Projects, Improvements & Change
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: FMG Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 09/1/2022"
13,13,"The Opportunity
Helix is a one of a kind health data platform that is enabling innovation that harnesses digital disruption in health research. This pioneering program provides a range of capabilities to the health research community which includes the development of technical solutions for capturing, transporting, storing and analysing health data to transform the healthcare industry. Working in close collaboration with many researchers within the Health sector and through the enabling of epidemiological and translational research, Helix is not only transforming health research but is also improving the well-being of our community.
We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Database Analyst to join us on an exciting project where you will be responsible for the design, development and support of health database as well as a variety of analytical functions. You will work alongside a team of enthusiastic, high-performing researchers and other internal stakeholders in doing so.
Your key duties will include but not be limited to:
Undertake a variety of database development activities varying in complexity and scale
Research and develop innovative designs and testing for reporting and analysis of database data
Perform key data loads using integration tools, and work closely with stakeholders to ensure no data loss or data errors persist
Work closely with stakeholders ensuring database and reporting requirements are meeting users needs
Demonstrate effective communication skills in dealing with internal and external stakeholders
Keep abreast of new technologies and developments that could benefit the analyses of databases
To be successful in this position, you will have experience in a complex Database Analyst role where you have been responsible for the maintenance of large, complex databases. You will have demonstrable strong analytical experience with the ability to identify challenges and provide innovative solutions quickly. You will also have experience with developing Microsoft databases and have experience in reporting and integration services technologies. Strong time management and prioritisation skills will see you excel in this role with your ability to change your focus as required with changing priorities. Additionally, demonstrable experience working in an Agile environment is key in this position.
Please note, this role is primarily based in St Kilda Road, however you will be required to travel to other Helix sites as required.
If you are passionate about being a part of this exciting transformation, then apply now!
This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated.
At Monash University, we are committed to being a Child Safe organisation. Some positions at the University will require the incumbent to hold a valid Working with Children Check.
The successful applicant will need to possess a current valid Police Check.
For instructions on how to apply, please refer to “How to apply for Monash Jobs”.
To submit your application please click apply now through the Monash University careers website, applications will not be accepted via email.
Enquiries only
Dr Amr H Hassan, eResearch Delivery Leader, amr.hassan@monash.edu
Position Description
Database Analyst
Closing Date
Monday 30 May 2022, 11:55pm AEST


At Monash University, the health, safety and wellbeing of our staff, students and visitors remain our priority. In accordance with the Directions issued by Victoria’s Chief Health Officer, we require all staff, students and visitors to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved medical exemption from receiving a COVID-19 vaccine in order to attend our campuses and locations.
For the latest information on COVID-19 at Monash, please visit our website.
Supporting a diverse workforce"
14,14,"Job Details
Location
Sydney
Salary
Competitive
Job Type
Contract
Ref
JO-2205-557740
Contact
Sarah Jordan
Posted
6 days ago


3 Month Contract + 3 Month Extensions – University Sector
Armidale Location - Fully Remote Work
Data analysis across highly regulated data sets
The role
Our Client who is a Leading Educational Provider is looking for a Data Analyst who will be responsible for Data analysis and modelling against transactional and analytical systems.

Responsibilities

Data modelling and data analysis across highly regulated data sets using PL/SQL
Data analysis and modelling against transactional and analytical systems
Delivering and identifying data trends, data anomalities and patterns
Data modelling tools and the management of data modelling repositories and solutions.
You will have

Minimum 3 years of experience as a Data Analyst
Minimum 3 years of experience with PL/SQL skills
Understand of BI tools including Power BI, Tableau
Experience with preparing reports for non-technical program stakeholders
Excellent communication skills and stakeholder engagement
What’s in it for you

3 + 3 Month Contract
Fully Remote Work
Friendly and collaborative culture
Please apply today to secure an interview or call Sarah Jordan on 9236 7765."
15,15,"XY Sense is a PropTech company using IoT sensor data to create workplaces people love. Our privacy-preserving workplace sensors deliver real time insights and powerful analytics, helping companies around the world to future proof their workplace and create amazing employee experiences.

We’re growing fast and looking for a Data Scientist to help us deliver world-class workplaces to our global enterprise customers. If you’re looking for your next opportunity in a young, fast growing startup, we’d love to hear from you!

Key responsibilities
Lead our Data Analytics product offering. You'll be a leader in delivering XY Sense’s data domain across the engineering and analytics pipeline to meet customer data reporting requirements. This will involve partnering with customer success and our product team to translate customer needs into prioritised technical requirements and dashboard design.
Dashboard and Analytics Development. Development of fast and stable dashboards using Looker with regression models and prescriptive analytics to generate data that provides meaningful and actionable insights for customers in the domains of occupancy, space utilisation and occupant behaviours and activities.
Customer presentations and training of analytics. In partnership with Customer Success, enable customers to quickly feel comfortable and gain value from dashboards and data generated by XY Sense’s sensors. This will be done through direct customer training and responding to support requests, development of guides and training materials, and designing onboarding user flows.
Oversee data governance. As the responsible lead engineer for Data Analytics, build and maintain a data dictionary and data governance initiatives to support scale and stability of XY Sense’s data analytics offering.

Your background
Extensive experience in data analysis. You'll have deep experience developing models and using statistical analysis and business rules, to turn millions of data points into useful insights that solve business problems using SQL, and Python.
Proficiency with Looker. You know how to run queries, build dashboards and develop systems to support scale and stability using Looker whilst delivering first-class customer insights and dashboards.
Customer communications. You are comfortable at communicating technical concepts and calculations to business customers to support onboarding, troubleshooting and a high CSAT with data analytics offerings.
Experienced in Cloud Environments. You have worked in cloud environments (ideally AWS) and have comfort working directly in code-bases as it relates to data processing and data hosting management.
You are pragmatic and flexible and have an eye on the future. You pitch in and help your teammates and you’ll be resourceful when it comes to solving problems and flexing with a fast growth environment.
You share our keen eye for quality. You don't half-ass your work, instead what you ship you take pride in. You cut scope before cutting quality.
You are a good human. You are a clear and friendly communicator giving you the ability to articulate effort vs impact tradeoffs in senior strategy meetings and to be a trusted mentor to juniors.

Benefits
Competitive base salary plus equity. We want all employees to share in our growth, so there’s plenty of upside.
Direct, hands-on experience working with a sharp team of engineers.
A vibrant office culture. We host regular team breakfasts and social events, and like to eat lunch together when we can.
We also value coming together as a team and host monthly “onsites” at our office.
Our office is pet friendly! We’re often joined by Koji, our resident Labrador.
Flexible working hours and location. We’re big supporters of work-life balance, so you can work when and where it suits you.
We are an equal opportunity employer
We are committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and are determined to ensure that no applicant or employee receives less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, age, disability, religion, belief, sexual orientation, marital status, or race, or is disadvantaged by conditions or requirements which cannot be shown to be justifiable.
W8LBtg6EZX"
16,16,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors. You will join our dynamic Engineering team developing cutting-edge applications. We are industry pioneers and we actively look for innovative ways to achieve great results, which do speak for themselves

To be successful in this role, you will have:
Data warehousing experience with emphasis on Information management domain
Data modelling experience
Linux/Unix skills
Prior working experience with AWS - any or all of EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, RDS, Dynamo DB, EMR
Solid SQL experience, authoring complex queries and DDL
Big data querying tools like Hive, Spark, Presto
Working knowledge of Data Pipelines tools like Apache Oozie, LUIGI or Airflow
Exposure to working in an Agile environment
Proven ability to troubleshoot and resolve production issues under a DevOps model
A track record of continuously identify opportunities to improve the performance and quality of your ecosystem
Experience monitoring performance and ensuring infrastructure is appropriately matched to support workload and SLAs
A broad knowledge of technical solutions, design patterns, and code for medium/complex applications deployed in clustered computing environment.

Ideally you will also have:
Good experience in programming languages like (Scala or Java or Python) in context of Big data technologies like Spark
Data Streaming
Experience working in environments with Docker, Kubernetes, Openshift
Exposure to security concepts and best practices
Knowledge of machine learning (E.g. Spark ML or R)
Experience with real-time integration (using Kafka, Spark streaming or other technologies)
Experience with Flink, Beam
Experience with various messaging systems, such as Kafka, RabbitMQ, Solace
A critical understanding of Lambda Architecture
Experience and knowledge of major Hadoop distribution such as Cloudera, MapR, Hortonworks HDP
Good experience with build tools like Maven, Gradle, Ant
Working knowledge of API-based integration for modern system

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
17,17,"Credit Risk Analyst
This position reports to the Manager Collections Strategy and then into the Senior Manager Collection Strategy, and specifically deals with lending products like credit card.
See yourself in the team:
Retail Banking Services (RBS) Retail Products Credit Risk develops and implements credit strategies for all Unsecured retail credit products including Credit Cards, Personal Loans and personal Overdrafts. These strategies span the entire consumer lifecycle from pre-marketing to customer management, including collection of overdue amounts. The team also provides advice and oversight to business teams managing Unsecured Lending.
In each week, your responsibilities will include:
Lending/retail products collections strategy
This will include building new collections strategies across the lifecycle of collections
Maintenance of existing and newly implemented strategies
Testing of newly implemented strategies
Knowledge of how to use collection models of predicting risk
Monthly BAU reporting
Stakeholder management with other teams across COO
We'd like to hear from people who:
Experience in credit risk analytical environment or equivalent
Experience Analytics or Data Science
Strong data manipulation and statistical analysis (e.g., SAS, SQL, Tableau, Python, R, Excel).
Strong knowledge of coding in SAS, Rm SQL or python
Prior experience in statistical modelling working with decision engines is preferred, but not necessary
Prior experience in internalising and conceptualising a problem to find core drivers, and solving through a hypothesis-led approach is essential
Experience in change management, influencing, workflow management, and managing to the highest degree of compliance and governance (including documentation) is essential
Persuasive communication skills are essential
Ability to work with large data sets, and understand interactions between relevant data is necessary for the role
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 26/05/2022"
18,18,"The position
The Marketing Analyst role exists to provide the business with analytical insight into the supporter, their giving behaviour and other attitudinal data to drive continuous improvement within marketing campaigns and supplying clear, accurate and reliable data/insights.
Your role plays an integral part in the organisation, enabling us to support our mission of empowering Australians to create meaningful change for the world’s most vulnerable children and adults.
This is a contract role until February 2023.
You will:
Develop, maintain targeting strategies through data including the creation and delivery of targeting lists/files for campaigns using various channels (ie: DM, eDM, Flat File outputs) and to required timelines
Partake in targeting workshops and produce pre-campaign analysis to support strategic directions and make recommendations based on insights
Analyse in-flight campaign responses to enable quick optimisations (where needed) or test and learn strategies
Develop and utilise supporter segmentation within targeting strategies
Create and develop post campaign analytics decks to simplify the core learnings for continual improvement
Develop and maintain reporting dashboards to support campaign outcomes (maintain UTM tagging framework)
Develop and maintain reporting methodologies to effectively measure various marketing activities
Collaborate with other business functions to enhance understanding of data and its use, and ensuring a robust marketing/communications strategy
Who we’re looking for
We are looking for someone who has a curious mindset, can probe and ask questions, direct stakeholders and articulate insights back to the business.
You will have:
Proven experience in marketing (CRM) targeting campaign methodologies/strategies, customer/supporter segmentation.
Experience with stakeholder engagement and presenting your findings and recommendations
Exposure to test and learn (test/control groups) methodologies
Experience with Agile ways of working
Strong proven experience of using MS SQL to extract, analyse and create data for generating insights
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik
Strong written communication skills demonstrated by the ability to produce sound written reports and technical documentation
Exposure to Marketing Automation Tech-Stack is advantageous
Tertiary qualifications in commerce, economics, marketing, business statistics, analytics or relevant discipline
Working for World Vision means you are making the world better
It’s not every day that a job comes along that lets you change the world. Working for World Vision means looking forward to turning up at work because you know you’re about to do something meaningful. It means working with 35,000 staff and 3.3 million supporters in 100 countries who will stop at nothing to help children live better lives. Join a team that is bold and courageous, and where job satisfaction goes beyond financial reward.
The selection process
For your information, the interviews will start immediately, and the role may be filled before the closing date.
We embrace diversity, employing people from a variety of cultural and religious backgrounds. We take our Safeguarding responsibilities seriously and we are committed to providing an environment that is safe for children. Our stringent recruitment procedures make sure the safest and most suitable people work with the children in our programs. All successful candidates will undergo a criminal record and Working with Children check prior to employment. We provide our staff and volunteers with ongoing supervision, support and training in their work with vulnerable children and their families. World Vision Australia participates in the Inter-Agency Scheme for the Disclosure of Safeguarding-related Misconduct in Recruitment Process within the Humanitarian and Development Sector.
Who we are
World Vision is a Christian organisation that empowers everyday Australians to create meaningful change for children through relief, development and advocacy work.
We offer great benefits such as salary packaging, flexible working arrangements, free on-site parking and an onsite café for our employees.
For more information on World Vision and the work we do, please visit our website: https://www.worldvision.com.au/about-us


Advertised: 30 Mar 2022 12:00 AM AUS Eastern Daylight Time"
19,19,"Location of work – Sydney
Job Type – Permanent
Experience – 4- 5 yrs
Job Description.:
Skilled software professional with 3+ years of work experience in Data Warehousing and Telecom Domain.
Familiar with Informatica Big Data Management (BDM), Hadoop and Cloudera environment.
Good knowledge of Big Data querying tools, such as Pig, Hive, and Impala
Experience with Big Data ML toolkits, such as Mahout, SparkML, or H2O
Big Data/Data Lake technologies like Spark, Hive, Scala, Impala, YARN, Hbase, Sqoop, HDFS, NiFi etc.
Manage HDFS and ensure that it is working optimally at all times
Skilled in Informatica PowerCenter Administrator tools and Developer tools and have experience with Informatica & Teradata
Good knowledge of creating Tableau dashboards over Oracle and Teradata processes.
Experience in implementing Data warehouse and database applications with Informatica, SSIS, Data stage ETL tools on Teradata, Oracle, DB2, and MSSQL RDBMS
Good knowledge in UNIX Shell scripting and using them to automate jobs, prepared several automations jobs specific to Admin activities in EDW platform
Extensive experience with database technologies (MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle)
Data analysis and incident management
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
you can submit your resume to hr@inkitsolutions.com.au as well
About INKIT Solutions
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
20,20,"WORKING WITH A GLOBAL LEADER IN SUPPLY CHAIN / LOGISTICS
BUILDING POWER BI APPLICATIONS
AUSTRALIA WIDE REMOTE ROLE

ABOUT THE COMPANY
Our client is an industry leading brand who dominate their place in the Global market. Currently looking to bring on an expert Senior Data Analyst working with Power BI.

DUTIES
As a Senior Data Analyst the core responsibilities of your role will cover:

Building Power BI applications
Using Power Apps and Power Automate Technologies
Delivering projects in a fast paced environment
SKILLS
You will come with strong experience working in a complex data driven environment, where managing and manipulating complex SQL data sets. You will be able to demonstrate:

Strong technical skills using SQL, manipulate and merge large volumes of data.
Expert in building Power BI applications
Very strong experience using PowerApps & Power Automate technologies
BENEFITS
This is an exciting opportunity to join an industry leading company while they continue to scale and grow with exciting new projects.

SALARY
Up to $1,000 pd

HOW TO APPLY
Please click on the 'Apply' button below or email your resume to shay@correlateresources.com"
21,21,"Posted
02-May-2022
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Data & Analytics
Location(s)
Adelaide - South Australia - Australia, Brisbane - Queensland - Australia, Melbourne - Victoria - Australia, Perth - Western Australia - Australia, Sydney - New South Wales - Australia
Newly created role due to growth and expansion in our Data Analytics team
Dynamic and fast-paced team with strong integration and collaboration with the business
Location: Australia | WFH | Flexible & remote working available

CBRE is the world's leading and largest commercial real estate services and investment firm; a growing and visionary organisation, comprised of the best and brightest professionals. We are invested in the development and unique needs of our diverse employees and strive to create an inclusive environment that allows our employee to bring their full selves to work.

Here's what you’ll achieve;

Operating in a diverse and progressive commercial environment, you’ll maintain data quality within technology systems, including assistance with data migration, cleansing and other data-related activities
Assist with development, maintenance and use of reports to extract relevant data from technology systems.
Contribute to and champion data governance tools, operations, policies, and projects, participating in cross-functional working groups to develop, implement, maintain, evolve and enhance data governance practices, components and change management activities associated
Build, develop and implement effective monitoring and training across a variety of data platforms to ensure data quality and compliance
Develop and maintain inventory of the enterprise information maps, including main LOB systems of record and associated owners
Partner with staff within CBRE and IT to develop data quality standards and maintain policies, standards and procedures to guide the usage of data across CBRE and provide oversight and support for 3rd party data sharing requests.

About you:

Guidance of 3-5 years of experience and strong knowledge of data management and governance concepts including policies, standards and procedures
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data / Information Management, or relevant discipline
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to influence at different levels of the organisation and promote cross functional collaboration
Strong understanding of data governance best practices
Effective analytical skills to examine data management environments and make recommendations on improvements
Working knowledge of legal and regulatory concepts relevant to the data space for the commercial real estate sector within the Pacific region is preferred.

What’s in it for you?

People are the foundation upon which our success is built. Our company is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. Our people are free to expand their skills and knowledge to drive their careers and reach their full potential.

We value flexibility and our people work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing, development and performance. Our people benefit from a range of educational, financial, lifestyle, health and wellbeing benefits and programs, corporate partnerships and discounts, CBRE Cares Foundation, competitive leave offerings and paid volunteer days.

Can we inspire you to join us?

At CBRE, our unwavering commitment to diversity, equity & inclusion begins with you. We are strengthening our inclusive culture, so everyone feels safe, valued, & heard. Because when you belong, we all succeed.

We look forward to hearing from you."
22,22,"Join our Commodities Global Markets business in this unique role as an enthusiastic and innovative Analyst, looking to gain experience in data analysis and project co-ordination. You'll need to be confident with data and possess an eye for detail as well as take an innovative and strategic approach to your work.
You'll be analysing business data, diagnosing pain points and creating solutions. You will work closely with Technology, Finance and Businesses stakeholders to determine requirements, assisting with implementation and testing changes.
This is a unique opportunity to develop and build a network across multiple teams in Macquarie and will suit you if you are a self-starter who can manage a range of competing priorities and projects, with the ability to adapt to change in a dynamic environment.
The Commodities Global Markets Data team ensures that the team are maintaining data appropriately with regards to completeness, quality and timeliness, as well as ensuring that Commodities Global Markets data is compliant with global regulations and internal policies. Your responsibilities will include:
ensuring that data produced is complete, accurate, valid and relevant using system validation and exception / control reports and consistent with regulation and internal policies
stakeholder communication and managing issues to resolution
analysing data to identify issues, designing resolutions and writing requirements, and co-ordinating implementation of system and process changes
completion of periodic reporting tasks, requiring interpretation of financial markets data
reviewing current control framework to develop and implement robust controls
working with a variety of teams to implement solutions to assure consistent data quality for all consumers of our data
liaising with analysts and businesses to ensure that data is represented appropriately, including for complex derivatives.
To be considered, you will:
hold tertiary qualifications with a high level of academic achievement; PC literacy, particularly in Excel will be assumed
possess a minimum of 1-2 years financial services or financial markets experience
Understand of have knowledge financial products
highly numerate with an ability to interrogate, interpret and draw conclusions from multiple data sources, and have an aptitude for identifying issues and determining solutions
have a level of confidence to convey complex and technical requirements to both peer and senior colleagues
consider yourself a strategic thinker who enjoys problem solving.
If you are looking to grow your career within data and projects, please apply online today by submitting a covering letter and concise resume. Please note that applications without the supporting cover letter will not be progressed.


Job no: CGM-962739
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Division: Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 27/1/2022"
23,23,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there's flex for balance and the support you need. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let's care for everyone's tomorrow so we can create a better future together.
Looking for a role that allows you to take deep ownership of your work?
Due to an internal move we have a rare opportunity to join our Financial Assurance team. Reporting into Manager, Financial Assurance the primary purpose of this role is to assist in the completion of financial reviews of intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.

You'll be responsible for:

Assisting in the development and implementation of a valuation and review framework to assess the financial viability of proposed intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.
Working collaboratively with other departments to understand value drivers and to gain a strategic view of the proposed arrangements whilst also challenging these assumptions to ensure a robust valuation is presented.
Assiting in preparing reports to present to senior management
Assessing the impact of any risk indicators or issues as well as internal and external audit findings on financial reporting
Working with the wider Finance team, 1st and 2nd line Risk and the business to assist in identifying key financial reporting risks and mapping these to key processes and controls. Escalating any gaps and future areas of risk to relevant stakeholders.
Important to your success:

Experience in an analyst, audit or risk and compliance role, for a complex, organisation.
Demonstrated technical understanding of design and operating effectiveness of controls.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of communicating with audiences at all levels with clarity, impact and influence.
What's on offer?


What matters to you, matters to us too. Feel supported to have open, honest conversations about the flex you need so that you're able to take care of your personal wellbeing and deliver your best work.
You'll be given the opportunity to make a meaningful impact on how we do things
Learn through being supported and encouraged to take on new challenges that will help you to develop new skills
Feel supported to give something a go - try different things, take on new responsibilities and explore opportunities
Want to fast-track your career? We'll help you to find the right projects, opportunities and training to develop the capabilities you need to go further, faster
Walk straight into stable, high-trust client relationships that will enable you to confidently deliver meaningful outcomes to your clients from day one
About us
Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.
Let's care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant.
#LIAllianz-AU"
24,24,"Work Type : Full Time
Location : QLD
Permanent opportunity with great career prospects
Develop skills working closely with an established analytics team
Toowong location, Brisbane Inner City
About us
At Auto & General (A&G), we provide smarter products and solutions to safeguard our customers in their time of need. Our range of general insurance products protect customers on the road, at home and on holiday with various Car, Motorcycle, Home, Contents, and Pet Insurance products as well as Roadside Assistance.

Our culture of ‘high performance with high integrity’ underpins our values and the way we interact with our customers, the community and each other. We’re excited about the future and we’re always on the lookout for talented, passionate individuals who can help us achieve our goal of being Australia’s best insurer! If this sounds like you, apply today.

Visit our website to find out more.

The Role:

We are seeking a Senior Portfolio Insights Analyst to join our high performing Pricing Team. The purpose of this role will be to assist the Portfolio Monitoring Manager to enhance the monitoring capabilities and produce analytical insights. This position will be well suited to someone who likes a fast-paced environment with opportunities to work in a wide range of areas.

Accountabilities:
Building monitoring dashboards to enable early detection of emerging issues and to provide visibility on business performance;
Building machine learning capabilities such as anomaly detection models into the monitoring suite;
Maintaining, migrating and enhancing the reporting suite aimed at supporting Senior Management to effectively manage the relevant insurance portfolios;
Identifying, reporting and analysing trends in the Domestic insurance portfolios, including e.g. volume, premium and profitability related indicators;
Performing analytical investigations to generate actionable insights for Senior Management to make informed decisions;
Working closely with the product owners and the wider business to develop effective measures to address emerging trends;
Analysing and segmenting transactional data from the proprietary underwriting system(s) and policy database;
Supporting the business with their quantitative analysis needs, e.g. review of underwriting question sets and processes;
Driving continuous improvement of data quality, presentation, and insight generation, including embedding relevant metrics in regular reporting;
Monitoring and reporting on the progress of pricing and product changes;
Performing other relevant activities as requested from time to time to meet operational requirements.



Qualifications, Experience and Skills
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Data Science, Actuarial Science, Information Management or Statistics or related field;
A superior problem-solving ability with excellent attention to detail and accuracy;
Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organisation;
Proven experience in data analysis, including ability to:
Work with large data from various sources through various platforms;
Access and manipulate data quickly and efficiently;
Work with both structured and unstructured datasets.
Previous experience within General Insurance is highly advantageous;
Working knowledge and understanding of short-tail insurance product(s), underwriting and rating methods – including drivers and levers of profitable growth;
Intermediate to Advanced SAS and/or SQL;
Intermediate to Advanced PowerBI, Excel, R and/or Python and, more generally, of the broader MS Office suite;
Prior experience on Google Cloud Platform and IBM Cognos TM1 is advantageous although not essential;
A “can do”, team focused attitude with the ability to work autonomously while maintaining focus.



Our perks
Location – Our office is conveniently based in Toowong Village shopping centre - a city fringe location with access to retail, restaurants, various parking options and public transport.
Extra leave - Enjoy additional leave days on us! You’ll receive a paid ‘ME’ day and one paid volunteer leave day annually. Team members can also purchase up to two additional weeks of leave per year.
Paid parental leave - We support our new parents with paid parental leave and other benefits.
Workplace giving - If you’re passionate about a cause, then we are too – we offer workplace giving and we’ll dollar match your donations to registered charities.
Development opportunities - We’re championing your development with internal programs and access to a wide range of online courses.
Employee discounts - You’ll receive discounts on Budget Direct insurance products.
Reward and recognition - We reward high performance with employee recognition, reward and incentive schemes.
Onsite facilities - There’s excellent end-of-trip facilities on offer and private spaces for nursing mothers.
Get social - Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebrations, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites



Auto & General welcome and value diversity in the workplace

*A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business. Auto & General is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
25,25,"Join our Commodities Global Markets business in this unique role as an enthusiastic and innovative Analyst, looking to gain experience in data analysis and project co-ordination. You'll need to be confident with data and possess an eye for detail as well as take an innovative and strategic approach to your work.
You'll be analysing business data, diagnosing pain points and creating solutions. You will work closely with Technology, Finance and Businesses stakeholders to determine requirements, assisting with implementation and testing changes.
This is a unique opportunity to develop and build a network across multiple teams in Macquarie and will suit you if you are a self-starter who can manage a range of competing priorities and projects, with the ability to adapt to change in a dynamic environment.
The Commodities Global Markets Data team ensures that the team are maintaining data appropriately with regards to completeness, quality and timeliness, as well as ensuring that Commodities Global Markets data is compliant with global regulations and internal policies. Your responsibilities will include:
ensuring that data produced is complete, accurate, valid and relevant using system validation and exception / control reports and consistent with regulation and internal policies
stakeholder communication and managing issues to resolution
analysing data to identify issues, designing resolutions and writing requirements, and co-ordinating implementation of system and process changes
completion of periodic reporting tasks, requiring interpretation of financial markets data
reviewing current control framework to develop and implement robust controls
working with a variety of teams to implement solutions to assure consistent data quality for all consumers of our data
liaising with analysts and businesses to ensure that data is represented appropriately, including for complex derivatives.
To be considered, you will:
hold tertiary qualifications with a high level of academic achievement; PC literacy, particularly in Excel will be assumed
possess a minimum of 1-2 years financial services or financial markets experience
Understand of have knowledge financial products
highly numerate with an ability to interrogate, interpret and draw conclusions from multiple data sources, and have an aptitude for identifying issues and determining solutions
have a level of confidence to convey complex and technical requirements to both peer and senior colleagues
consider yourself a strategic thinker who enjoys problem solving.
If you are looking to grow your career within data and projects, please apply online today by submitting a covering letter and concise resume. Please note that applications without the supporting cover letter will not be progressed.


Job no: CGM-962739
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Division: Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 27/1/2022"
26,26,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there's flex for balance and the support you need. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let's care for everyone's tomorrow so we can create a better future together.
Looking for a role that allows you to take deep ownership of your work?
Due to an internal move we have a rare opportunity to join our Financial Assurance team. Reporting into Manager, Financial Assurance the primary purpose of this role is to assist in the completion of financial reviews of intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.

You'll be responsible for:

Assisting in the development and implementation of a valuation and review framework to assess the financial viability of proposed intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.
Working collaboratively with other departments to understand value drivers and to gain a strategic view of the proposed arrangements whilst also challenging these assumptions to ensure a robust valuation is presented.
Assiting in preparing reports to present to senior management
Assessing the impact of any risk indicators or issues as well as internal and external audit findings on financial reporting
Working with the wider Finance team, 1st and 2nd line Risk and the business to assist in identifying key financial reporting risks and mapping these to key processes and controls. Escalating any gaps and future areas of risk to relevant stakeholders.
Important to your success:

Experience in an analyst, audit or risk and compliance role, for a complex, organisation.
Demonstrated technical understanding of design and operating effectiveness of controls.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of communicating with audiences at all levels with clarity, impact and influence.
What's on offer?


What matters to you, matters to us too. Feel supported to have open, honest conversations about the flex you need so that you're able to take care of your personal wellbeing and deliver your best work.
You'll be given the opportunity to make a meaningful impact on how we do things
Learn through being supported and encouraged to take on new challenges that will help you to develop new skills
Feel supported to give something a go - try different things, take on new responsibilities and explore opportunities
Want to fast-track your career? We'll help you to find the right projects, opportunities and training to develop the capabilities you need to go further, faster
Walk straight into stable, high-trust client relationships that will enable you to confidently deliver meaningful outcomes to your clients from day one
About us
Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.
Let's care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant.
#LIAllianz-AU"
27,27,"Work Type : Full Time
Location : QLD
Permanent opportunity with great career prospects
Develop skills working closely with an established analytics team
Toowong location, Brisbane Inner City
About us
At Auto & General (A&G), we provide smarter products and solutions to safeguard our customers in their time of need. Our range of general insurance products protect customers on the road, at home and on holiday with various Car, Motorcycle, Home, Contents, and Pet Insurance products as well as Roadside Assistance.

Our culture of ‘high performance with high integrity’ underpins our values and the way we interact with our customers, the community and each other. We’re excited about the future and we’re always on the lookout for talented, passionate individuals who can help us achieve our goal of being Australia’s best insurer! If this sounds like you, apply today.

Visit our website to find out more.

The Role:

We are seeking a Senior Portfolio Insights Analyst to join our high performing Pricing Team. The purpose of this role will be to assist the Portfolio Monitoring Manager to enhance the monitoring capabilities and produce analytical insights. This position will be well suited to someone who likes a fast-paced environment with opportunities to work in a wide range of areas.

Accountabilities:
Building monitoring dashboards to enable early detection of emerging issues and to provide visibility on business performance;
Building machine learning capabilities such as anomaly detection models into the monitoring suite;
Maintaining, migrating and enhancing the reporting suite aimed at supporting Senior Management to effectively manage the relevant insurance portfolios;
Identifying, reporting and analysing trends in the Domestic insurance portfolios, including e.g. volume, premium and profitability related indicators;
Performing analytical investigations to generate actionable insights for Senior Management to make informed decisions;
Working closely with the product owners and the wider business to develop effective measures to address emerging trends;
Analysing and segmenting transactional data from the proprietary underwriting system(s) and policy database;
Supporting the business with their quantitative analysis needs, e.g. review of underwriting question sets and processes;
Driving continuous improvement of data quality, presentation, and insight generation, including embedding relevant metrics in regular reporting;
Monitoring and reporting on the progress of pricing and product changes;
Performing other relevant activities as requested from time to time to meet operational requirements.



Qualifications, Experience and Skills
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Data Science, Actuarial Science, Information Management or Statistics or related field;
A superior problem-solving ability with excellent attention to detail and accuracy;
Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organisation;
Proven experience in data analysis, including ability to:
Work with large data from various sources through various platforms;
Access and manipulate data quickly and efficiently;
Work with both structured and unstructured datasets.
Previous experience within General Insurance is highly advantageous;
Working knowledge and understanding of short-tail insurance product(s), underwriting and rating methods – including drivers and levers of profitable growth;
Intermediate to Advanced SAS and/or SQL;
Intermediate to Advanced PowerBI, Excel, R and/or Python and, more generally, of the broader MS Office suite;
Prior experience on Google Cloud Platform and IBM Cognos TM1 is advantageous although not essential;
A “can do”, team focused attitude with the ability to work autonomously while maintaining focus.



Our perks
Location – Our office is conveniently based in Toowong Village shopping centre - a city fringe location with access to retail, restaurants, various parking options and public transport.
Extra leave - Enjoy additional leave days on us! You’ll receive a paid ‘ME’ day and one paid volunteer leave day annually. Team members can also purchase up to two additional weeks of leave per year.
Paid parental leave - We support our new parents with paid parental leave and other benefits.
Workplace giving - If you’re passionate about a cause, then we are too – we offer workplace giving and we’ll dollar match your donations to registered charities.
Development opportunities - We’re championing your development with internal programs and access to a wide range of online courses.
Employee discounts - You’ll receive discounts on Budget Direct insurance products.
Reward and recognition - We reward high performance with employee recognition, reward and incentive schemes.
Onsite facilities - There’s excellent end-of-trip facilities on offer and private spaces for nursing mothers.
Get social - Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebrations, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites



Auto & General welcome and value diversity in the workplace

*A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business. Auto & General is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
28,28,"Join a Regional Market Leader
Fulltime, Professional Growth Opportunity
Blue-chip & Government, Complex, Exciting Projects


ADELAIDE

Dialog (Dialog Information Technology) is a diverse organisation with over 1200 employees throughout Australia, providing a full range of technology solutions, and services to customers in private and public sectors.
Dialog’s consulting specialists help organisations get the best from their information technology investment – from short consultancy assignments through to major systems integration, application outsourcing or development projects.
Earlier this year we announced that we joined the NCS Group of companies (wholly owned by Singtel) which significantly builds out our scale and opportunities for our consultants to work in exciting programs that can and will define your career.
Our mission is simple and clear - we advance our clients corporate objectives and improve their business operations through the implementation of cost-effective IT solutions.

Work with the best for the best:
We are seeking accomplished Business Analysts to work closely with our clients to help them deliver complex programmes of work.
You will have brilliant communication skills, have a deeply inquiring mind that allows you to develop domain knowledge quickly. You will be fascinated by what is possible and how problems are solved with technology, and you will be proactive in suggesting suitable solutions for an optimal outcome for our customers.
In your tool kit you may have a technical background which could allow you to have a deeper solutioning conversation, or you come in from a pre business play; either way you will be a valuable member of our team with your curiosity and energised approach to helping our customers succeed.
Your path to success starts with you:
To be successful with us, you will have:
6 + years of experience in large scale transformational programs with as focus on IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as a Business/Systems Analyst
Degree qualification in Commerce, Business. IT or equivalent experience
Strong Analytical and data modelling skills.
Intermediate excel skills (V Lookups, Pivot tables)
Power BI experience / knowledge (desirable)
Skilled in data story telling
Exceptional requirements gathering and documentation skills
Experience with use cases / user stories / wireframes / user navigation
Experience implementing web-based applications
Excellent stakeholder management skills and ability to resolve problems with conflicting needs / requirements from a diverse group
Experience in running requirements workshops / interviews
Ability to deal with complex data requirements
The ability to bridge business and technology, managing the relationships between key stakeholders and carefully navigating competing requirements to a successful outcome
A natural ability to influence and run workshops with multiple stakeholders and interest groups
The ability to be the trusted advisor and bridge between the projects and the business
Become part of our Vision:
We continually aim to create an employee experience that embraces diversity, inclusion and builds a community and sense of belonging.

Dialog's services range from strategic IT consulting through full life cycle application development and managed application services to long-term operational support.

Dialog's subsidiary companies provide complementary products and specialist services.

Established in 1979, Dialog has delivered innovative solutions to clients across all industries including all levels of government."
29,29,"About the role
The purpose of this role is to deliver fit-for-purpose BI solutions to support our growing operations. Utilising your effective engagement and communication skills, you will work closely with business partners at all levels to understand their data visualisation and solution needs, then source, analyse and transform their data into insights that drive business value. This may include automated workflows, automated forms, apps and Power BI dashboards.
Core Responsibilities
Support the daily, and long-term strategic needs of the business by providing timely reporting and data support.
Provide actionable insights through analytics.
Work closely with the wider business on the development of tools and processes to drive data-driven decisions.
identify gaps, trends and inefficiencies impacting business costs and processes.
Pivot between different initiatives quickly to support projects as needed while being able to work at a micro and macro level.
Continuous focus on improving relevant operational performance and productivity.
Educational and Technical Qualifications
Completed, or working towards, Bachelor degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or Software Engineering
MSDBA (MS SQL Server) or equivalent
Technical Skills, Competencies and Experience
Knowledge and 2-3 years' experience of relational database technology, specifically Microsoft SQL (2008/2016).
Machine learning experience desirable.
Dynamics 365 / Microsoft Dataverse desirable.
A high-level exposure to all elements of the MS BI Stack (particularly Power BI, Power Automate, Forms Pro, Power Apps and SharePoint).
Proven ability to identify strategic needs, leading to sound business recommendations
Skills in presenting complex technical information in a way that all stakeholders (peers, management) will understand
Ability to document the technical details of your work clearly and concisely
Detailed Power BI experience implementing, monitoring and maintaining solutions
In-depth knowledge of SQL, SSIS and SSRS
ITIL / Change Management understanding
Solid understanding of data structures and ability to blend disparate data sources
Experience using relational database systems, tables, schema, query tools for data interrogation, extraction and presentation
Excellent process management and problem-solving skills
Experience working in a fluid, high pressure environment.
Location: Osborne Park
To apply for this role, click on the ""APPLY"" button below, complete the online application form and submit a cover letter and resume as one document. Alternatively, please visit our website for all our current and upcoming vacancies on www.emecogroup.com/
If you have any questions in relation to this role, please contact Ashleigh, HR Advisor on 0429 113 069.
Job Type: Full-time"
30,30,"Senior Data Analytics Specialist
Permanent role at an organisation with an award-winning culture that values diversity and inclusion
Hybrid working environment with flexibility options
About Us


Yarra Valley Water provides essential water supply and sanitation services to over 2 million people who live and work in the northern and eastern suburbs of Melbourne. We see a bright future that starts with people. Our award-winning culture fosters an inclusive, collaborative work environment and provides the development opportunities, flexibility and support that enable high levels of achievement and personal satisfaction.
Our innovative and exciting Digital Enablement Plan supports the delivery of our 2030 Strategy and will transform us into a modern, adaptive, and scalable digital utility with user experience at the centre. This is a perfect time to join us as we move into the delivery phase and put in place a range of technologies, both IT and OT, including major platforms such as Salesforce, Arwin and ServiceNow, field - based sensors including digital meters and the analytics to leverage the value of the data they return. These new technologies combined with our transition to Cloud Services will transform the way we work and the way our customers and community experience our services.
The role
Reporting to Enterprise data and analytics Lead under our ICT Strategy and Portfolio. The Senior Data Analytics Specialist will be responsible for developing, implementing, and supporting the Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, and Advanced Analytics solutions that integrate with various enterprise applications to provide insights with information to improve decision making.
Your responsibilities will include:
Work in close collaboration with YVW stakeholders and technical teams to architect, design, implement, test and manage leading data and analytics solutions
Support and promote adherence to IM Governance principles and policies when designing solutions
Document business requirements using YVW Project Governance Methodology tools, templates, and guidelines
Assist process owners with developing and implementing process dashboards and top-down analytics and sundry advice.
Provide input into the ongoing design, development, and deployment of business intelligence and analytical solutions
Design and build best-in-class solutions that leverage the features and functionality offered by Business Intelligence technologies
Ensure the delivery of outcomes is compliant with changing organizational and strategic goals
Manage the delivery of all phases linking to Strategy and Architecture of Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, and Data Warehouse
Manage issues and resolve the conflict between projects (within control) and escalate where required
Manage the performance of the data warehouse and interfaces to core systems
Patch Enterprise Analytics software as required by policy
Provide advanced analytical support and level 3 support as required
Manage release and deployments into production
Facilitate technical design workshops and playback
Provide BAU assistance and support for SMEs with report writing and analytics
Work with DBA's to achieve the required infrastructure performance, disaster recovery, backup, and restore solutions
Develop and maintain close working relationships with internal and external customers and suppliers
Identify and schedule resources to ensure work is effectively and efficiently undertaken
Develop and maintain relationships with Process Owners across all management levels
Skills and Experience

The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following:
Tertiary Qualifications in an IT-related discipline
Demonstrated data architecture and dimensional data modelling experience
Experience delivering Business Intelligence and reporting analytics solutions, database Strong technologies, programming, and technical architecture
Experience working with Oracle Warehouse, ETL Tools like ODI, Informatica etc
Strong experience with Cloud Technologies (Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure DocumentDB, Snowflake or similar cloud technologies Azure Data
Lake Store , Snowflake or similar cloud technologies)
Knowledge of Agile Methodologies, Scrum, Kanban, XP, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Broad experience across a set of data stores

The Benefits
Joining an employer of choice with an award-winning culture
Home office set up an allowance
Flexible working arrangements considered
Generous personal leave entitlements
Training and development opportunities
Onsite canteen and fitness group
Free flu vaccinations
Social events, skill-sharing, and networking opportunities
For further information please click HERE to review the position description
How to apply
Applications should include a supporting Cover Letter and Resume.
Closing date: 26 May 2022
Yarra Valley Water is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, and strongly encourages applications from all types of people, from all walks of life. We believe diversity of thinking fosters innovation and delivers better outcomes for our customers, and we value a workforce that’s a match for our diverse community.
This position is available for Yarra Valley Water employees and external applicants.
Successful applicants must be eligible to work in Australia and agree to provide information for pre-employment checks if required for the position (which may include police records checks)."
31,31,"We're a passionate team of brilliant achievers, and together we're using technology to take the small business finance industry next level. Our mission is to keep small businesses moving - with smart cash flow solutions right when they need them. Supporting them through ups and downs. Making their lives easier. Helping them Prosper.
The role
Prospa is a growing business looking for someone with a strong econometric background who can apply their knowledge in a small business lending context. As a Risk Analyst, you'll build and maintain models and risk settings within the risk analytics scope, behavioural models & forecast models.
You'll be presented with a business problem, research the best solution, ensure the model is fit for purpose and present back to a variety of stakeholders.
What you will be doing
Build, maintain and monitor models as well as credit risk settings
Identify latest economic policy changes and understand how these impact the small business sector and consequently Prospa's portfolio/ models
Recommend strategies for deployment into the Prospa Credit Decision Engine and portfolio management
Present analysis and solutions to variety of stakeholders
Engage with the wider Risk team to develop their experience and improve knowledge share across the team
What you'll need to succeed
Experience in econometric modelling
Passionate about unsecured SME / personal lending
Able to analyse economic trends to generate insights for portfolio management
You work independently, generate ideas, and challenge the status quo
Able to communicate findings to a variety of stakeholders
Experience with Databricks, R, Python, SAS, MATLAB is highly advantageous – an interest in learning new technologies is essential
Don't let a confidence gap get in the way of submitting your application. We'd love to hear from you and see if this could be a great match.
What we offer
Highly competitive incentive scheme
Flexible ways of working
Seasonal programs (think free days off, themed events, swag, massages, coffee carts…)
Team and company wide social events
Volunteer leave & paid parental leave
Career development opportunities & study assistance
A chance to be a part of one of Australia's fastest scaling tech organisations
Why Prospa?
We embrace diversity in our people and our thinking and provide a collaborative, inclusive, innovative and respectful environment. We celebrate who you are and actively provide our employees the same great experience we provide our customers.
It's super exciting every day. Always moving. Always something new around the corner. And we've only just cracked the surface.
Open the door. Feel the buzz. Want in?
#LI-MK"
32,32,"As a delivery-oriented Business Analyst or Senior Business Analyst, with strong data management experience, you will work with stakeholders to understand business processes and data flows. This may include metadata management for use of business glossary, data linage, data dictionaries, and data governance tools. You should be able to translate technical concepts into business concepts that non-technical people can easily understand.
In this role, you will be required to work across multiple business groups and build and maintain strong relationships. You will use your ability to influence and support a diverse set of stakeholder Groups to contribute to the completion of the data deliverables within a project/change initiative. This role will allow you to expand your experience in understanding frameworks and capabilities and applying them to new systems and scenarios in a way that you can communicate to the business and embed practices with Data Owners and Data Stewards.
Day to day, you will be responsible for:
Use requirement gathering skills to build the understanding of the end-to-end business processes in scope of the change, concepts, terms & definitions, and high-level architectural design
Work with the Group data team to define the critical data in preparation for presentation and approval at internal Data Working Groups and Councils. Also facilitate change forums related to data, ensuring a robust process is set up and data is governed and fit for purpose for changes across systems and databases
Plan and execute initiatives to implement data management practices for good data quality outcomes including reference data and master data across the data landscape. This include identifying the data in scope of the project and critical data points by making use of Group data guidelines and use definitions and technical specification skills to ensure that the right data will be captured within the expected format/structure to ensure quality data.
Analyze and Identify Data Quality issues with the data in scope and facilitate the determination of issue impact, root cause and resolution options; work with Product Owners, Systems teams, Business Operations, and Project Teams to deliver good data management practices into project delivery, supporting changes to processes and behaviors.
Engage a diverse set of business stakeholders to assist you with capturing metadata, business data lineage, data ownership across the data lifecycle, business & Data Quality rules and establishing data quality measuring and monitoring.
For data migration initiatives or reporting transformation, you will be required to complete/validate source to target mapping, capture whether data needs to be cleansed, constructed, or transformed, obtain business approval of the mapping document, conduct data impact assessments and gap analysis on legacy systems, reports, or change initiatives to understand data and reporting requirements.
What skills will you use?
To be successful in this role, you will bring with you 5+ years Business Analyst experience working with Data, data warehousing, BI, data migration or analytics projects.
Strong delivery skills gained through project experience, in both planning and delivery capacity
Strong communication across a broad set of business and technology stakeholders
Ability to translate frameworks and operating models into implementation
Good understanding of data quality, reference data, master data, metadata management concepts and real world application
Experience with data mapping and tracing data lineage
Experience defining data quality rules or requirements / business rules / data controls
Experience across Salesforce (CRM, Workflow, Transaction management), Loan or trade systems, data lakes and data warehousing or data governance/meta data management tools (Axiom, Collibra, ICG) will be highly regarded.
If this sounds like you, please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About Macquarie Capital
Macquarie Capital offers global capability in M&A Advisory, Debt and Equity Capital Markets, Principal Finance, and Equity Trading and Research underpinned by deep specialist expertise across a range of sectors. Our people are empowered to think innovatively to address client challenges and originate opportunities, thinking beyond individual transactions to become a trusted adviser and partner over the long haul. From origination to execution, our unique combination of ideas, capital and expertise is transforming opportunity into reality for our clients and partners around the world.
With staff in 35 offices transacting across 31 countries, Macquarie Capital is a truly global business. A role in the team will expose you to a dynamic working environment and the opportunity to contribute to high-profile transactions whilst working in a business with the best people in the industry.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: MacCap-961814
Work type: Maximum term, Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Macquarie Capital
Division: Central
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 14/12/2021"
33,33,"Company Description

We are a customer-obsessed, “one stop shop” for all things data-related. We are deliberately narrow in our focus areas but we go deep in each of them. We provide solutions, services and training in the data strategy, data governance, data security, data management, data classification, data wrangling, data lake, data analytics, data visualisation, artificial intelligence, machine learning and IoT areas. Our solutions and services help transform customer organisations by teaching them how to turn their data into insight
We build on AWS, using the latest AWS services, best practices and reference architectures. We deliberately focus on large public sector customers that are data-heavy but insight-light – federal & state government departments, universities, public sector agencies, public health organisations, and public utilities.
We are an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner and an AWS Public Sector Partner, working towards our Data & Analytics and Government competencies. We are also a registered technology supplier to the Federal, New South Wales, Victorian and Western Australian governments and we have a Master Services Agreement in place with AWS Professional Services.
We are a customer-obsessed, “one stop shop” for all things data-related. We are deliberately narrow in our focus areas but we go deep in each of them. We provide solutions, services and training in the data strategy, data governance, data security, data management, data classification, data wrangling, data lake, data analytics, data visualisation, artificial intelligence, machine learning and IoT areas. Our solutions and services help transform customer organisations by teaching them how to turn their data into insight!
We build on AWS, using the latest AWS services, best practices and reference architectures. We deliberately focus on large public sector customers that are data-heavy but insight-light – federal & state government departments, universities, public sector agencies, public health organisations, and public utilities.
We are an AWS Advanced Consulting Partner and an AWS Public Sector Partner, working towards our Data & Analytics and Government competencies. We are also a registered technology supplier to the Federal, New South Wales, Victorian and Western Australian governments and we have a Master Services Agreement in place with AWS Professional Services.


Job Description

Your impact
As a Data Analyst, you will play a key role in working with customers to understand their business requirements, map these to their data capabilities, liaise with our internal Data Engineers to design and build elegant solutions, then partner with our customers to deploy those solutions in a way that allows them to turn data into insight. You will have 2-3 years’ experience working as a Data Analyst (or similar role) on data-related solutions, preferably using AWS, and will be comfortable working with business analysts, data visualisers, data engineers and data scientists, to enable customers to solve their data-related challenges.
You will relish the opportunity to innovate, evolve and challenge existing assumptions and to develop the data-related requirements that feed into the design of solutions that solve real-world problems for customers. Your experience with large-scale data challenges and ability to analyse them as input into reliable, scalable cloud-based solutions, will see you thriving in this role!
Expectations
Enjoy honing your data-related analysis skills and developing new ones, so you can make strong contributions to solution discussions.
Regularly take part in further education and training to help you hone and extend your data analysis skills.
Have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about solutions to business, product, and technical challenges.
Possess an innate awareness of technology trends and how they impact the way businesses consume IT.
Strong Analytics skills to collect, analyze and generate insight using data.
Have a basic understanding of IT security and governance including security standards, access policies, and data classification schema.
Love what you do and instinctively know how to make work fun.
Be dynamic, creative, and willing to take on challenges that have the potential to make a big impact.
Relish a ground floor opportunity to work in a small, agile, friendly startup environment.
A Graduate degree (or Masters) in a data or technology-related discipline is preferred.
An AWS Associate Solutions Architect certification is a bonus.


Qualifications

Technical Requirements:
2+ years of:
o Hands on, practical experience, in and around data-related solutions
o AWS experience
o A basic understanding of software development tools and methodologies
o Data analysis experience
o Experience producing quality documentation and written communications
Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Bitbucket, Bamboo, Jenkins or Ansible
Some experience with both writing and interpreting SQL queries.
Experience building reports and dashboards using BI tools such as Tableau, PowerBI or Amazon QuickSight.
A basic understanding of Infrastructure as Code, especially AWS Cloudformation.
Some programming skills in one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, Node.js, .Net, PHP.
A basic understanding of data ingestion and transformation pipelines.
A basic understanding of fundamental data concepts including databases, data schema, data classification, data security, data governance, data analysis, data transformation, data engineering and data science.
A basic understanding of fundamental networking concepts.

Additional Information

We’re passionate about the technical community we are a part of, and believe in contributing to open source and AWS initiatives
We care about climate change and are always looking at ways to reduce our carbon footprint
We support and contribute to a different cause each quarter
We’re committed to developing your career with customised individual growth and development plans
We’re committed to ensuring all our staff feel welcome, included and respected every day they work for The Data Foundry"
34,34,"Effective workforce planning relies on accurate insights, analysis, intelligence and close collaboration in team environments to achieve sound forecasts of workload/demand and FTE required to service our customers and provide FTE by partner for our communities and other channels in our Global Contact Centers to meet our customer and Budget targets. Early and regular engagement is critical to mitigate any FTE, workforce risk/shortfalls, ensuring forecasted demand and workforce models are understood, agreed and endorsed.


This role will heavily contribute to the performance and success of Demand Forecasting for Customer Success across various channels. The impact of this role will be measured on demand forecast variance, partner agreement to FTE, SLA, cost implications to budget, induction to attrition and staffing to forecasted demand within each channel


You’ll be responsible for
Collating in-depth insights, analysis and intelligence that supports the Demand Forecasting process across various channels and lock process
Maintaining close collaboration with broad stakeholders including the Transformation team, insights tribes, channel leads, initiatives owners, onshore & offshore partners and Senior Demand Analysts.
Reporting, workforce analytics and statistics to create a data driven intelligence and recommendations relating to Demand forecast and workforce impacts
Using Tableau, CXone, CCAI, Live Person, reporting, workforce analytics and statistics to create a data driven intelligence and recommendations relating to Demand forecast and workforce impacts


About you, you will have
5+ years of Advanced Workforce Management & Planning (preferably in multiskilled environment)
Tableau or Power BI reports model validation Advanced Reporting and analytical experience
Highly developed analytical, problem solving and research skills
Strong communication skills
Self-managing, pro-active, good time management skills
emotional intelligence to build strong collaborative relationships


As a provider of essential services across Australia, Optus has a critical role in the community through keeping our customers connected to the people they love and the things that matter. It is also our priority to ensure we provide our amazing people and our customers with a healthy and safe workplace environment. In light of the significant risks posed by COVID-19, Optus expects all workers to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, and will require vaccination for certain roles as well as access to Optus workplaces. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this policy or how it impacts you, including any concerns you might have about meeting this requirement.


Optus is a place where we let you do you. Whether you’ll be working in our corporate offices or in a retail store, we're a highly collaborative workplace, and offer a range of perks such as:
A competitive salary
Discounts on products and services
Ongoing training, mentoring and development opportunities
Up to five days of Volunteer Leave per year
Blended Ways of Working


We understand that flexibility means different things to different people. We're proud to offer a variety of options to work in different ways, such as our Blended Ways of Working and job share. Our Blended Ways of Working lets our people work across home and our offices. Please talk to us about how we can make this role work for you.


Curious about our culture? Go behind the scenes with our people by searching #OptusLife on LinkedIn.


Sound like the perfect role for you? Get in touch with us!"
35,35,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors. You will shape, change, and deliver a data management roadmap to improve and enhance the value and re-usability of data, through modern and evolving data management practices and frameworks.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. You will apply your broad data expertise though a mix coaching others, providing strategic advice and performing hands-on analysis.

Responsibilities include but not limited to:
Partnering with business leaders and coaching data teams to uplift data capability
Identifying, determining feasibility and shaping data use cases
Determining appropriate analytical, statistical or machine learning approaches to create value
Performing analysis and creating prototypes
Communicating and influencing outcomes based on data
Providing requirements to, and partnering with, technology/data engineering teams to productionise data prototypes

To be successful in this role you will have experience in the following:
Interpreting, telling stories and creating value with data
Curious and business outcome focused with an ability to quickly understand a business area, break down a complex problem and work out how to solve it
Strong collaboration skills having worked with business stakeholders at different levels of seniority and technical proficiency
Comfortable working across a wide range of data sets and systems
Broad understanding of, but not necessarily expertise in, data strategy, data visualisation, data architecture and what is involved in bringing data products into production
Deep practical expertise applying statistical knowledge and machine learning to solve business problems through manipulating and analysing data with SQL and Python or R
Proven track record of overseeing multiple data science projects at all stages, from idea generation to objectives formulation to implementation and deliverables

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
36,36,"We want you to make an impact. You can be part of a growing and innovative organization, with the ability to influence the people, customer culture and practices of Great Southern Bank to keep us at the top of our game. We appreciate outside the box thinkers, people who challenge the status quo, and help us to be better, for you and for our customers!

A little bit about us

For over 75 years, we’ve been putting our customers first, and today we look after the financial needs of more than 380,000 Australians. We have recently changed our name from CUA to Great Southern Bank but we remain customer-owned and firmly focused on helping all Australians own their own homes.

We’re ambitious and as we continue to grow, we are investing significantly in technology, products, and people. We have a culture that's fun, approachable and supportive - allowing our team members to be their best every day, whether that's at work or at home.

We're hugely excited about the journey ahead and are looking for talented and enthusiastic people who want to be part of a winning team. If you are motivated, energetic and dedicated to helping our customers achieve the great Australian dream, we want to hear from you.

A little bit about the role

At Great Southern Bank we’re a customer-obsessed bunch. Located in Brisbane and reporting to the Senior Manager, Sales Enablement you play a critical role in the Sales division. You are a key liaison between the Sales and the Enterprise Data and Analytics Office. As the Reporting Analyst you are accountable for the development of reporting and analytics, measuring performance across all sales channels.

You will use internal data sources to produce consolidated reporting, detailed insights, analysis and trending information on sales performance. You will be providing recommendations and specialist advice to leaders regarding the performance of sales channels, sales activities, target setting, or other relevant activities.

Your key responsibilities will include:


Accountable for the development of reporting and analytics measuring performance across all sales channels
Produce consolidated reporting and provide detailed insights, analysis and trending information on sales performance
Provide recommendations and specialist advice to leaders regarding the performance of sales channels, sales activities, target setting, or other relevant activities
You are a key contributor to our Sales team and can demonstrate critical thinking and influence across the broader Great Southern Bank

A little bit about you


You are passionate about data and its ability to inform business decisions and practices
You know how to find data and don't mind getting your hands dirty in databases, spreadsheets, BI and analytical tools
Can communicate your analysis and findings to a wide range of stakeholders within the business
You have demonstrated experience in analysing, interpreting, diagnosing and presenting data to recommend relevant conclusions
-Proficient with SAS - Enterprise Guide, SAS Olap Cubes, SAS Web Report Studio,SAS VA

Similarly, experienced in SSIS, SSRS, Power BI and other visualisation tools (Tableau etc)

What’s in it for you?

We believe that investing in our people is central to upholding our great culture. To help us achieve this, beyond our sales incentive program and extensive range of training and development programs, we have a variety of employee benefits that you can access from discounted financial and insurance product, employee benefits covering, health, wellness and lifestyle options including unique leave options. Read more about these exciting benefits on our careers site!

Questions? Please contact Scott from our Careers Team on scott.chamberlain@gsb.com.au

At Great Southern Bank, we’re committed to building a strong, inclusive and diverse workplace, where people feel a sense of belonging, are valued, connected and respected. We value diverse backgrounds, cultures, abilities, ideas and experiences; recognising the benefits they bring to our work, our communities and the way we help our customers. We support and promote an inclusive culture through flexible ways of working, collaboration, fair and equitably decision making that empowers our people to be at their best every day."
37,37,"Job Details
Reference #
41621


Location(s)
Parramatta


Expertise
Information Technology


Job level(s)
Experienced


Work type(s)
Permanent


More details (document)


Joining the Sime Darby group of companies means you are part of a global group that employs more than 20,000 people in 18 countries. Across Australia and New Zealand, the Sime Darby Motors name is synonymous with quality commercial and private vehicles as well as premium transport and materials handling equipment.
An exciting opportunity has become available for a Data and Business Intelligence Specialist to join our diverse, agile team. We are looking for a knowledgeable candidate to drive our data-first culture through design, implementation, and data technology adoption.
Your key responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following:
Understand Sime Darby Motor's overall data estate, IT/business priorities and measures of success to design cloud-based data architectures using your deep, technical knowledge.
Lead design workshops and develop rapid prototypes with business stakeholders to realise the business analytics objectives
Design and develop the data warehouse and integration
Hands-on management of the SQL server and databases
Deliver key Power BI reports and dashboards.
To be successful in this role you must offer the following:
5+ year's experience and a proven track record as a data analyst, business intelligence consultant (or similar roles)
Have a BS/BA degree, or equivalent work experience
Demonstrate passion and skills aligned with business insights, data analysis, and data visualisation
Practical analytical skills to synthesis multiple complex data sets into easy to consume and actionable business insights.
Strong design experience in Power BI report and advanced Excel skills
We want to give you the opportunity to grow with us and in return we offer:
A supportive team environment with a stable and internationally recognised organisation.
Access to an employee benefits account including discounts on groceries, electronics and more!
Ongoing development opportunities."
38,38,"Organisation/Entity: Transport For NSW
Job Category: Projects
Job Location: North Sydney, NSW, AU, 2060
Job Ref No: 66168
Employment Type: Permanent Full-Time
Salary Range: $145203.0-$154934.0
About us


Transport for NSW keeps our State moving by providing safe, integrated and efficient transport systems. We put our customers at the centre of everything we do – and we do a lot. We connect people, communities and industry and manage how they use our road, rail and maritime networks and services, and even active modes like walking and cycling. The work we do connects the journeys you take every day.


We are a state government organisation made up of more than 28,000 people and we're in the middle of delivering the largest transport infrastructure program in Australia's history. We work across planning, policy and procurement, harnessing data and technology to develop smarter and more adaptive transport solutions.


That means job opportunities in metropolitan and regional areas right across NSW – you have the chance to be part of creating a lasting legacy that will benefit generations to come.


About the team


The Infrastructure and Place division is in the process of delivering an ambitious and once-in-a generation $28 billion program of public infrastructure works which will ease congestion, improve safety, create new places and connect communities for generations to come. This position is based on the Sydney Gateway project that will greatly improve the way we travel to Sydney Airport and Port Botany. It will deliver new toll-free connections from the Sydney motorway network to the International and Domestic Terminals.


Our project controls team provide the expertise, frameworks, methodologies, systems, reporting and assurance to enable the delivery of quality infrastructure projects on time and within budget. A significant proportion of this work relates to the development and review of project cost, schedule and risk and the ongoing implementation of best practise and continuous improvement.


The opportunity


Reporting to the Senior Manager Project Controls and Senior Risk Manager, the primary purpose of the role is to lead the administration of the project risk management function. The objective is to support the project team to proactively identify, document and mitigate risks to the successful delivery of the project. Materially this involves:


Ensuring all elements of the project risk management process are fit-for-purpose and effectively implemented on project.
Working with the project staff and leadership team to ensure that the project risk registers are comprehensive, up to date and accurate.
Provide strategic and operational guidance to the project team and leadership to identify, manage and minimise actual and potential risk exposures.
Prepare monthly reporting on the project risk and contingency position.
Facilitate project risk reviews and workshops to engage with subject matter experts from various disciplines.
Present on the project risk position and management procedures at internal and external (INSW) audits/reviews.
Promote a proactive risk-aware culture across the project.
Support personnel in the use of the project Risk Management System (ARM).
Run Quarterly Quantitative Risk Analysis including building Monti Carlo models to assess contingency adequacy.
Follow and demonstrate the TfNSW 5 Ways of Leading, showing collaborative behaviours to achieve the greater good for the community, celebrate our diverse workforce, create an environment where people can create and thrive, and support our people’s wellbeing.


Essential Criteria:
Tertiary qualification in a relevant discipline such as engineering or project management or demonstrated equivalent.
Minimum of 5 years relevant risk management experience on major infrastructure projects and/or other relevant industries.
Good understanding of TfNSW risk management processes, systems and procedures and application thereof.
Excellent communication, relationship management and collaboration skills to ensure successful engagement with project team members.
Advanced skills in Excel, Powerpoint, Word and pulling together reports and presentations.


Desirable Criteria:
Experience in running monthly risk workshops.
Experience with QRA modelling.
Experience with Active Risk Manager and @Risk software platforms or similar software.
Experience in training project staff on risk systems and processes.
Project contingency management experience,
Basic project cost estimating capability.
Sufficient infrastructure project delivery experience (e.g. road, rail) to enable informed inquiry relating to material project risks and control measures.
Familiarity understanding of other project discipline functions outside of risk (cost, schedule, commercial/contract related matters).


Please click here for a copy of the role description.


About you


You will be comfortable working with a degree of autonomy as part of a broader team, building relationships across Project Performance. It is essential you have demonstrated experience in analysis, reporting and consolidation of project information within a complex infrastructure/transport environment with a sound working knowledge and skills in using analytical tools and systems (MS Suite, Power BI and ideally some coding experience).


Salary and Benefits


This is a Transport Grade UUS 11 role ($145,203 – 154,943 plus Super)


For more information on Employee Benefits at TfNSW please click here.


Interested?


Joining Transport for NSW, you’ll have access to a range of unique government benefits in a flexible work environment like no other. If you’re ready to step into this meaningful and rewarding role, we want to hear from you!


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and answer all questions within the online application process.


Please check the internal role eligibility requirements or policy for your agency before applying for internally advertised roles.


Applications close: 11.59pm, Sunday 29th May 2022


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Simon Reed at SIMON.REED@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.

We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.

Working with Transport gives you access to a range of benefits that help you balance work with the things that matter to you. Look through our Employee Benefits Guide to learn more.

Apply today to register your interest!

Find out more about Transport for NSW at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/about-us.

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process here at Transport.

Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:
appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Risk Management, Engineer, Relationship Manager, Procurement, Botany, Finance, Engineering, Customer Service, Operations, Science"
39,39,"Job Purpose and Impact

The Trade Product Control Analyst will be responsible for financial risk management in commodity, foreign exchange risks and trading profit and loss for the Australia business. In this role, you will partner closely with key stakeholders to deliver daily trading risk reporting, perform trading PnL, provide analysis and insights on trades and FX reports.
Offices are located in our Southbank office and we offer a flexible hybrid working model. Key Accountabilities

Complete daily trading PnL reporting and reconciliation in collaboration with key stakeholders, and ensure any significant differences are resolved and communicated appropriately.
Monitor commodity and foreign exchange exposure and complete all risk reporting within deadlines and compare against limits, escalate breaches of limits and get resolution of breach in collaboration with business stakeholders. Guide CBS team on report preparation and variance explanation.
Manage reports and reconcile trading profit and loss by line of impact with key stakeholders.
Support compliance operations and monitor points of control.
Collaborate with peers to implement process simplification and enhance process standardization, optimize reporting, and deliver automation and transformation processes.
Guide CBS team on derivatives operations and compliance report
Support Cargill global/regional projects Qualifications / Experience

Minimum of three -four years within commodity industry
Experience in finance operations with a knowledge of risk management and related processes
Proven business partnering skills with ability to influence decisions
Provide financial modelling input into business cases, costs, and schedules to support growth in the business
Contribute to the preparation of various data and analytics reports
Exposure to commodity trading, trading reports is preferred
Accounting background is a plus
This is a 14 Month Maternity Cover contract based in Melbourne and will give you an opportunity to work with a global organisation, apply today to join the team.
Cargill is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applications are treated with strict confidentiality"
40,40,"· Tech BA role in the Finance, Credit Management, Treasury and Risk space.
· Main focus for this requirement is working is Integral+ but that does interface to multiple other systems that will be in scope. SAP knowledge an advantage.
Required Skill:
· Seeking for a Data migration specialist having a working experience of ERP data migration in the areas of procurement, Project, Finance and Fixed Assets.
· Good understanding on ERP process such as Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Acquire to Retire, Record to Report (GL) is desirable.
· SAP knowledge and experience is desirable.
· Accounting and Finance knowledge is desirable .
· Collaboration, co-ordination, documentation (Key Design Decisions) and communication is must.
· Agile ways of working Jira, Confluence.
· Detailed data analysis and analytics .
· User Story/Risk/Issue/Assumption/Caveat documentation and Dependency management .
· Process mapping/decision tree logic.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $105,800.00 – $115,800.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Experience:
Information & Communication Technology Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
41,41,"Data Analytics Lead
Are you as passionate about making a difference as you are working with data to solve important organisational problems?
Do you have a talent for working with key internal stakeholders to understand their requirements and transform them into powerful BI dashboards?
Does the thought of working with a brand new, blank canvas Azure Data Factory platform float your boat?
Are you a self-starter who is happy to roll your sleeves up and surround yourself in data?
The Role
As the Data Analytics lead, reporting directly to the Executive Manager of Organisational Impact, you will be passionate about data and driven by the opportunity to work alongside internal stakeholders across the Y to help them solve the organisation’s most fickle problems through good data analytics.
A new role, the Data Analytics Lead joins the organisation at a critical time – at a point where our strategy sees us pursue deep impact for children and young people across the state, which demands access to deep impact data.
You’ll join a motivated and newly focused team under an organisational impact portfolio that is 100% focused on ensuring the Y is poised to demonstrate impact.â€¯ Acting as the Y’s Data Analytics Champion, you will work with Executives and Senior Leaders and spend your days building on a foundational data analytics model. You’ll be part of a small, but ‘crack’ team focused on data, impact, member experience and improvement.
Skills and Experience
The successful applicant will hold a tertiary qualification in a relevant field and will have considerable experience in Business analysis, Data Analysis and Business Intelligence reporting.
You will demonstrate:
The ability to be flexible and influential with internal stakeholders, with a strong customer service orientation.
Strong problem solving, analytical and time management skills
The ability to work collaboratively in diverse teams, including internal and external stakeholders.
Experience in working directly with business stakeholders to interpret and document key requirements
proficiency with contemporary data platform technologies; data lakes and orchestration platforms such as Azure Data Factory.
Experience with and exposure to reporting suite applications such as Power BI
How to apply
For the full job description and selection criteria visit our website www.ymcawa.org.au and click on the “Get Involved” tab. Please submit a cover letter and CV with your application. Should you require any further information please call Grant Yonge on (08) 9473 8444.
Closing date: Tuesday 14th June 2022.
We may start interviews before the closing date
You must have the right to live and work in this location to apply for this job.
The Y WA is committed to providing a safe workplace and will comply with all mandatory vaccination directions. Where a position is covered by a relevant direction you will be required to provide an approved form of evidence of vaccination or exemption prior to commencing employment.
At the Y, we are committed to empowering all Children and Young People to feel safe and be safe, at the Y, in their families and in their communities. As such, we ensure that all of our candidates are appropriately screened (including police checks) to make sure that the right people are in the right roles.
To learn more about our screening processes, click here to view our Safeguarding Children and
Young People Policy: https://ymca.org.au/about-us/safeguarding-children-young-people/safeguardingresources/"
42,42,"Location of work -Adelaide Metropolitan
Length of contract– 12-months Contract
Overview
Business Analyst to work within a Program delivering enhancements to the website, Report application and other projects within the program
Business Analyst will work as part of a multi-disciplinary capability delivery team using the agile methodology and may work on several projects concurrently.
Key responsibilities include
Working with users to formulate and document business requirements
Identifying, investigating and analyzing business processes, procedures and work practices
Using project management methodologies, principles and techniques to develop project plans and to cost, resource and manage projects
Taking responsibility for deploying functional solutions, such as creating, adopting and implementing system test plans, which ensure acceptable quality and integrity of the system
Using data and process modelling techniques to create clear system specifications for the design and development of system software
Understand customer’s business and work with the project’s stakeholders in understanding requirements
Testing & change management of the implementation
Ability to collaborate with stakeholders to resolve issues, solve problems and ensure effective and timely implementation of projects
Possess business and technical knowledge to review workflow, documentation and
User surveys and analyze data to identify a solution to a business issue
Proven ability to function both independently and as part of a team
Work experience: At least 1 year of relevant work experience. Fresh graduates having deep knowledge of the subjects could be considered for this role.
Availability: Monday to Friday – Full time 40 hours
Essential Knowledge:
Strong knowledge of CRM, strong knowledge of Web Development technologies, String knowledge of MS Office suite & Visio, some experience in SAP
Very strong knowledgeable of Security and Web Development technologies, their configuration options, authentication, authorisation and access protocols
Skills:
Strong communicator – excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation to end users.
Ability to multitask and work to timelines
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Able to work independently with the business SMEs.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail.
This is a long term contract offering an excellent pay rate to the right candidate and the chance to work on an important project
Should you have the required experience and are looking for a challenging role Email your resume to career@inkitsolutions.com.au
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
43,43,"In this challenging and varied role, you will utilise your expertise as a Business Analyst to help us deliver on a number of process and system transformation initiatives related to finance and tax reporting.
This is a unique opportunity for you to be part of various projects within our Tax function to design and implement market leading tax reporting capabilities that will enable the transformation of our Global direct, indirect and transfer pricing function. This tax transformation project is global in nature but being run centrally from Sydney.
What impact will you have?
As an experienced Business Analyst, you will work to document and process map data and critical controls across a wide range of processes and source systems. Further, you will assess and adopt technology solutions to streamline and automate tax processes, including requirements documentation and analysis of solutions.
Day to day, you will be responsible for:
Working closely with a diverse range of stakeholders to capture and analyse business requirements
Leading and participating in gathering information, evidence, facilitating workshops as part of the project deliverable – including gap analysis of current v future state,
Producing relevant documentation including business process maps, creating project artefacts and governance documents, training materials
Reporting on success measures and embedding of activities
Assisting with providing project updates for working group and steering committees
What skills will you use?
Key to your success will be your prior Business Analyst experience, likely 5 - 7 years’ with a focus on process re-design. Whilst prior experience working on projects within a finance or tax function will be highly regarded, it is not required. If you possess strong Business Analyst skills with excellent process mapping skills and ability to work well under pressure and problem solve issues, we would like to hear from you!
If you have any questions on this opportunity, please reach out to Maddy Wilson at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-960823
Work type: Permanent - Full time, Agency Worker
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Accounting & Finance, Projects, Improvements & Change
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Laura Davidson
Opening Date: 07/2/2022"
44,44,"Support and solve complex data-dependent models within the Asset Allocation business
Join one of the country’s premier private wealth managers
Utilise your experience in quantitative analysis in this exciting new role
We’re JBWere:
JBWere is a leading private wealth management firm operating across Australia and New Zealand. For 180 years we have been delivering sophisticated investment and wealth management solutions to a diverse client base – we strive every day to fulfil our core purpose: to give our clients the confidence to do what matters.
At JBWere, we believe success comes from our people. We're committed to supporting your talent and skills through your career, as you help us build a culture that affects change for our customers - and for the community too.
About this opportunity:
As our new Consultant, Quantitative Analyst, you will provide support to the delivery of high quality, multi-asset investment strategy and advice within the Investment Strategy Group. You will perform primary quantitative investment research across all asset classes at JBWere. Additionally, you will maintain our high quality of research code and databases which support the models you will be building. We have a highly engaged and supportive team who will mentor and enhance your skills. If you are looking for a career with clear career progression, this is an opportunity not to be missed!
Day to day you will include, but is not limited to:
Provide support on multiple projects across all asset classes that have deep impact across the organisation
Investment process - development and adherence to relevant investment process
Be responsible for activities as set out by Head of Asset Allocation
Be supported by senior members of the team, including (but not limited to), peer review activities and coaching
Take a closer look at the role purpose statement to learn more about the role.
What you bring:
You are an experienced data guru with a passion to find the best insights through financial data. You enjoy sharing your insights with stakeholders and presenting to a wide audience. Some key skills we are looking for include, but not limited to:
Excellent programmers (preferably in Python – experience with other languages would be beneficial but Python is our language of choice)
Willing to take initiative and be a collaborative team player
Motivated with an interest in understanding markets / portfolio management with relevant university qualifications – a background in computer science / programming / econometrics would be highly desirable
NAB, invested in you
At NAB, we believe success comes from our people. We're committed to supporting your talent and skills through your career, as you help us build a culture that affects change for our customers - and for the community too. If you think this role is the right fit for you, we encourage you to apply.
To be eligible to apply, you must have Australian or New Zealand citizenship or permanent residency status.
Please note candidate screening and interviews may be conducted prior to the closing date of the job advert.
We value and embrace diversity of thought, style and working arrangements to ensure our workforce is representative of the communities that we serve and that our thinking, solutions, and products are the best they can be."
45,45,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors. Join our Engineering team as a Senior Data Modeler and provide the specialist skills needed to drive the maturity of our modelling capability, uplift standards within our scrum teams through hands on involvement and performing a DevOps role on AWS and on-prem applications.

To be successful in this role, you will have:
Strong experience in data modelling of Data Warehouses - including dimensional modelling and 3NF modelling
Practical experience in design and deployment of physical data models optimized for target storage technology (databases, analytical appliances, general purpose storage, cloud databases, etc.)
Understanding of broader Data Architecture topics such data governance, data cataloguing, data quality and master data management
Leading scrum team members to produce demonstrably better modelled ETL
Strong SQL experience
Willingness to work in depth and with “hands on” with engineers ensuring that real world implementation is effective and fit for business purpose
Experience working in Agile environment

Desirable Skills And Experience
Prior experience working with AWS
Practical exposure to Data Vault 2.0 methodology
BigData querying tools like Hive, Spark, Presto
“Nice to have” - Strong Big Data / Hadoop experience (i.e. Hive, Spark, Airflow)
Talend Big Data experience

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
46,46,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

As a Business/Data Analyst, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions, and digging around in the data when needed.
Designing and building reports – capture data requirements for the client and team.
Creating requirements specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating workshop sessions, and using the necessary business analyst tools.

To qualify for the role, you must have

Worked in a similar Business/Data Analyst position for at least 3-5 years with a focus on data management, data governance and data strategy
Ability to understand and identify business rules and processes
Conducted process mapping and requirements gathering workshops with non-technical stakeholders
Working with SQL databases and database querying languages.
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Due to the nature of the client base, you MUST BE an Australian Citizen

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects
Ability to problem-solve and think critically
Technical reconciliation and reporting skills
Some development experience would be advantageous but not essential

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.
We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

#LI-EYAustralia"
47,47,"Senior Data Analyst

About us

TrafficGuard is the world’s first truly omni-channel, full-funnel fraud and invalid traffic solution. Publicly listed on the ASX, TrafficGuard operates in one of the largest addressable markets in digital advertising and provides solutions for one of the largest problems yet to be solved. We provide the technology and data to enable advertisers to maximise efficiency and growth.

We have scaled our platform into almost 4,000 advertisers globally (including multiple Unicorns) to enable them to verify their advertising in real-time and find and remove invalid traffic. Along the way, TrafficGuard has picked up numerous awards for both its anti-fraud and optimisation capabilities and has been recognised as one of the most innovative companies in Australia.

We are continuing to scale up and are looking to enhance our team to support our growth strategy. TrafficGuard has Unicorn potential. Can you be part of the team that gets us there?

About the role

We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Analyst to join our team. You will be part of a growing and innovative, award-winning company transforming the online advertising ecosystem.

We are seeking applicants in the regions of SEA, EMEA & LATAM to join TrafficGuard on a full-time remote working arrangement.

This Senior Data Analyst will work as part of our Customer Success team alongside Data Analysts in the APAC region. Our Customer Success team are custodians of the client relationship and rely heavily on the Senior Data Analyst role in supporting customers in their understanding of their advertising performance.

The key responsibilities of this role will include:
Working as a part of a high performing customer success team on a day-to-day basis.
Build relationships with customers and support them in their understanding of their advertising performance by collecting and analysing data and surfacing useful insights.
Triage customer and internal inquiries by acting as the first line of analysis.
Working alongside a multi-award-winning product team defining new capabilities and product features.
Present a clear narrative to the key stakeholders and build automated routines and BI resources for continued consumption of the insights.
Provide visibility of critical customer success metrics and insight into customer expansion opportunities
Lead research for case studies and white papers on ad fraud and invalid traffic patterns.
Providing thought leadership in both using data to solve business problems and in arriving at innovative statistical solutions.


What’s on offer

TrafficGuard is an innovative and progressive company with huge potential. We have a dynamic and energetic employee base, giving you access to some of the best minds in the industry.

Working with us gives you access to heaps of benefits including:
Fully flexible working options.
Career growth.
Yearly professional development allowance.
Yearly wellness allowance.
Great company culture.
Regular social activities.
Competitive salaries.
The opportunity to work with innovative and dynamic teams.
The opportunity to be part of our growth and come on this journey with us!

About you

The ideal candidate will be a curious, consultative, data detective with proficiency in ad analytics and a relentless need to “figure-it-out”.

The successful candidate will have:
5+ years experience in a similar role.
Consulting or customer-facing experience.
Media agency experience is highly regarded.
Advanced SQL skills - both in query development and performance tuning.
Business analysis skills.
Expert knowledge with BI applications such as Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, Domo, or Microstrategy.
Experience with Google Ads
Demonstrated ability of in-depth campaign and audience data analysis to identify trends, insights and benchmark performance
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to drive and deliver projects and meet deadlines.
A willingness to learn and a strong drive to progress.


How to apply

To apply, please send through your CV and a cover letter outlining your experience.

For a confidential discussion, please contact Kiren Singh, HR Manager, on Kiren.singh@adveritas.com.au

We are open to out of the box candidates, who may not have all the experience we are looking for, but who are driven and capable. If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!"
48,48,"Remuneration range $104,868 to $115,960 pa
Full-time continuing appointment
Toowoomba, Ipswich or Springfield campus
People Portfolio
The Senior Workforce Analyst is a unique opportunity to contribute to the future of USQ's workforce design and development through data analytics, modelling, forecasting and reporting across multiple people data points to support the University’s workforce planning. This role is integral to identifying and interpreting workforce trends and guiding the People Portfolio team in inspiring change and transformation.

You will have a proven ability to identify data sources, develop reporting platforms with key data insights and metrics, and provide evidence-based intelligence on workforce trends. In addition to your data analytics and modelling skills, you will be able to form positive working relationships with key partners to identify and support their data needs.

What you'll do

Identify, source and analyse internal and external workforce data and trends from multiple sources to provide the necessary data insights to interpret and turn workforce trends into meaningful strategies and actions for the University.

Some of your key activities will include:


Collaborating with key stakeholders across the organisation to identify and bring together workforce and other data from across the University to deliver connected forecasting, insights and regular reporting across the organisation.
Developing and maintaining key workforce performance indicators, metrics and dashboards.
Defining and implementing workforce reports and other platforms that are meaningful and support strategic planning through the inclusion of gap and trend analysis and scenario planning, and
Contributing advice and insights into key workforce planning activities based on intelligence gathered from workforce data



What will help you succeed?


Your experience and depth as a HR professional with strong strategic and analytic skills will be essential to delivering outcomes and making vital connections, forecasts and projections to inform impactful workforce strategies.

You will also have:


Relevant tertiary qualifications in an area such as Human Resources, Workforce/Data Analytics and Intelligence or similar, and significant experience in a human resources, workforce planning, reporting or analytics role.
Proven experience in contemporary workforce analytics practices, including experience identifying, analysing, interpreting and communicating data from multiple sources; with data modelling, data visualisation, forecasting and business intelligence skills.
High-level analytical, problem-solving and systems thinking skills, with the ability to interrogate and use data to look beyond the obvious to identify the underlying insights that are essential to effective decision making, and develop recommendations based on an understanding of critical issues and drivers, and
Ability to undertake sophisticated report design and preparation. Skills in statistical analytics tools and software, and BI platforms would be advantageous.



Building on its strengths as Australia’s leading regional University, USQ’s vision is to be renowned for innovation and excellence in education, student experience, research and engagement. Guided by our core values of respect, integrity and excellence, the University’s Strategic Plan 2021 - 2025 outlines our commitment to creating and sharing knowledge, transforming lives and solving the problems that matter to our world.

The University offers a range of different ways of working and connecting across our physical and virtual spaces to meet the needs of our students, partners and community. We value diversity and strive to foster an inclusive environment that is underpinned by our core values and champions, embraces and respects differences. We support and encourage applications from all diversity groups.

With an increasingly diverse workforce, we understand that careers may be placed on hold or limited throughout many life circumstances. We recognise the importance of considering achievement relative to opportunity and encourage you to outline factors such as career breaks, gender, family, or other factors which may have resulted in a limited career progression.

For a confidential discussion about the role and USQ, please contact Trudi Davidson, Director, (People Strategy) on telephone +61 7 4631 2981 or email Trudi.Davidson@usq.edu.au .

Reference Number: 0102_04/22

Term: Full-time continuing appointment (36hrs/wk)

Salary: Total remuneration range $104,868 to $115,960 pa (includes salary range of $88,609 to $97,980 pa, employer superannuation contributions of 17% of salary and annual leave loading)

Closes: Sunday, 22 May 2022

At USQ, we are united by our core values of Respect, Integrity and Excellence, which guide our daily actions and decision making.


If you think you can bring this role to life, we invite you to submit your resume/CV along with a two-page statement outlining your motivation and suitability for the role."
49,49,"Role Type : Full Time Ongoing
Remuneration : min. $100,571.00 + superannuation (dependent on qualification & experience)
Bendigo TAFE and Kangan Institute are the TAFE trading brands of Bendigo Kangan Institute. We are one of Victoria's largest TAFE providers, with over 40,000 enrolled students per annum. We offer vocational training to students from all over the northern metro corridor as well as Loddon Campaspe regions. We pride ourselves on the quality of training we provide by having industry expert teachers who impart their wealth of experience to the workforce of the future. We believe that in everything we do, we give people the opportunity to be the best they can be. We are currently seeking an experienced Reporting Analyst to join our Operations team at Cremorne.
The Role:
Bendigo Kangan Institute is currently undergoing a significant transformation focused on improving the Student Journey and increasing Financial Sustainability for the organisation. Business Intelligence and Enterprise Reporting is a critical capability to enable this transformation journey to provide our business with insights to support decision making and continuous improvement in aid of our strategic objectives.
This position is responsible for ensuring the provision of performance reports and dashboards to the business, providing a critical role in driving decision making, supporting compliance, and other government reporting requirements.
It also focuses on developing an understanding of existing reporting produced across various business units, and looks for opportunities to improve, centralise or automate those reporting processes.
Key Responsibilities:
Design and develop templates and reports that generate insightful analysis for various domains improving business decision making and enabling continuous improvements
Utilise both traditional reporting tools and methods for periodic reporting, as well as Business Intelligence dashboards where relevant for a more frequent or more interactive basis
Design and develop business reports to provide information in support of business decision making and regulatory or compliance requirements
Interpret data, analyse results using reporting techniques and provide ongoing reports
Contribute to improvements in report design by providing suggestions to streamline reporting processes or automate elements of report creation
Contribute to the development of Business Intelligence by bringing knowledge of existing reporting and suggesting opportunities where BI dashboards may be better suited
Visualise data effectively to deliver information and leverage insights to support business activities and decisions
Contribute to a culture of data led insights
Demonstrated experience participating in the delivery of reporting, data driven or analytics projects and the creation of business reports, development of reporting tools and analytics
Demonstrated experience with Business Intelligence and Reporting projects
Experience in business intelligence (Power BI), business analysis or data analytics
Qualification:
Relevant Degree or post graduate qualification and experience and/or combination of extensive experience, education and training
Familiarity with Education sector, in particular Vocational Education and Training desirable
Successful applicants will also have to provide;
A current Working with Children Check
A current Federal Police Check
Proof of COVID Vaccination
Certified Right to Work document - Passport/Visa/Citizenship or Birth Certificate
Benefits:
Counselling support (EAP) and Health & Wellbeing initiatives throughout the year
Flexible work options
Free onsite parking for most campuses
Professional development programs and many more....
If this sounds like the role for you. Please click ' Apply for this job / Apply now ', we would love to hear from you.


For further information regarding this outstanding opportunity, please contact Azam Sadeghpour, Head of Performance Management and Reporting on a.sadeghpour@kangan.edu.au
NOTE: BKI reserves the right to withdraw this advertised position at any stage.
Applications from candidates with valid working rights will only be considered. We are a child safe and equal opportunity employer and therefore the successful candidate will be required to hold a current working with children check clearance. We value diversity in our workforce and encourage people from all backgrounds, abilities and identities to apply for roles within our organisation. If you require specific support to apply for this position, please contact peopleoperations@kangan.edu.au and we will work with you to identify the best way to assist."
0,0,"Calling all SAS Data Analysts/Developers!

We have a long-term contracting position available with one of our Federal Government Clients. Do you have experience as an SAS Analyst or Developer? Because we have the job for you!

Duties

Data extraction and analysis using Teradata, DB2, SQL and SAS (SAS Enterprise Guide, Base SAS or SAS Studio)
Producing quality output in a timely manner
Building interactive reports and dashboards using SAS Visual Analytics (Viya)
Be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve

Skills and Experience

SAS,
SAS Visual Analytics (Viya) or similar data and visualisation technologies
SQL
Teradata
DB2

How to Apply
Does this role sound perfect for you? If so, to register your interest in this role, please either contact Peter Ding or the Compas Team on (02) 6230 0233 and send through your CV by following the link below.

About Compas:
Compas Pty Ltd is a Canberra based wholly Australian owned, Recruitment and Services company that has been operating since 1987. We specialise in the provision of permanent, contract and temporary recruitment services, as well as specialised Consulting assignments.

YOUR APPLICATION WILL BE TREATED WITH THE STRICTEST CONFIDENCE
Due to the nature of this environment, Australian Citizens with the ability to obtain a Government Security Clearance need only apply!
JO-2205-11481"
1,1,"GoTech Solutions (GoSol) is an established business in IT Consulting and Staffing solutions. We are seeking multiple full time / contract Candidates to be based in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne for our clients. Candidates are required to have experience in development and testing, and the ability to manage various teams including technical and functional offshore consulting teams for smooth implementation of changes and roll-outs.
These roles are for multiple projects running concurrently in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne. Salary offered will be proportionate to the skills and experience of the candidate and city.
Information Security Risk Analyst
InformationSecurity
Security first
culture
Framework
Policy,
Process and
guideline
review
Control
testing
Managed
Services
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Salary Expectation
Notice Period
Visa Status/ Working Rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Information Security Risk Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
2,2,"Macquarie’s Financial Management Group is recruiting Data Discovery Analysts to help transform our data capabilities across the Financial Management Group and Macquarie Group. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing data centre of excellence with a strong mandate to drive data-related change to enhance data capabilities, source high quality data across the organisation, and optimise reporting, modelling and analytics capabilities.
We work closely with Finance, Tax, Treasury and Risk functions to help define data requirements, source data from across Macquarie, establish data management standards, and partner with technology teams to implement solutions for a range of use cases.
Our work touches all of Macquarie’s business and support groups and your stakeholders include senior leaders and product owners in business and technology roles.
You will partner with Group Treasury (Liquidity Team) to deliver great data outcomes. As part of the project, you will work closely with members of group treasury, business teams and data teams to understand requirements of new data and remediation of data quality for existing data for liquidity reporting.
Within the team, you will apply a range of techniques to capture business data requirements and use your excellent analysis skills to comprehend data flows, understand data entity relationships and explain how data fits into system and business context to drive business outcomes.
Your effective communication ability and pro-activeness to deliver excellent data outcomes will ensure your success in this role. Success also includes using our market-leading tools to make existing data assets more discoverable across FMG, improving our ability to plan and manage the delivery of data change.
Supported by an established team of data business analysts the Data Discovery team BAs have detailed knowledge of our businesses and data assets and are well supported by aligned functions including Operations & Data Quality, Data Modelling, Business Intelligence, Data Architecture and Projects and Change – all aligned with our Data strategy. In this role you will have the opportunity to work closely with our data engineers, developers and solution designers.
Key responsibilities include:
partner with business and technology teams to analyse, define and deliver data solutions for Treasury.
work with Finance and business stakeholders to define and capture data requirements for project initiatives, including new regulatory reporting requirements, analysis and process improvement
engage and collaborate with business units (data producers), reporting teams (data consumers), technology and other internal stakeholders to assess impact and propose data sourcing solutions
liaise with senior management for approval on data sourcing solutions
identify opportunities for automation and continuous improvement
adhere to Data under Governance and Controls by working with stakeholders to define data definitions, business rules and data quality rules, critical data element identification, data lineage and risk and control assessment for regulatory system platforms and processes
impact assessments for new products and BAU changes, liaising with Data, Technology and Platform teams
championing the use of enterprise data management and governance frameworks as part of Data Discovery
as a senior member of the team, helping to mentor and build Data Discovery capabilities within the team.
You will need to bring the following experience and skills:
7 or more years hands on experience in business analysis, requirements gathering and data analysis
thorough appreciation of how data flows through systems, relationships between data, and data granularity
ability to break down functional requirements into data requirements
strong analytical (critical thinking), problem solving, written and communication skills
strong stakeholder management skills
attention to detail and the ability to prioritise responsibilities in a changing environment
proven ability to take on ownership and demonstrate accountability for results, balanced by sound professional judgement
ability to work both collaboratively and independently
strong skills in data requirement delivery process in a business context (financial services experience is a bonus, however not a must for this role) in terms data definition, data lineage and analysis of data quality measurement aspects
strong knowledge of SQL, data warehousing principles and analysis methods
understanding of data architecture and data modelling principles
relentless focus on collaborative, continuous improvement as high demands and challenges face you and the team, and be able to make and/or guide decisions when the path forward is not clear
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-964846
Work type: Maximum term
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Group Treasury
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 05/5/2022"
3,3,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.
We’re looking for people with strong Data related Solutioning and Consulting experience. You will need passion for a career in data analytics, where you will provide a consultative service on a variety of data driven decision making projects within a fast-paced consulting environment.

This role is open to applicants across Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane & Sydney.

As a Data Architect, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives.


Some of your responsibilities will include:
Design, develop and implement data collection, transformation, and data integration solution to create, coordinate and deploy data and analytics solutions
Create and present the solution design through a solution design document and finally estimate for complexity, effort and costs
Collaborate with solution design and business requirements teams to identify data requirements and influence project artefacts
Demonstrate technical expertise in modern AI, analytics, big data and associated technologies, cloud platforms, data quality, governance and architecture
Provide technical guidance as SME and hands on delivery team member across multiple clients and engagements
Lead technology consulting engagements, solution workshops and due diligence

Skills and attributes for success
Relevant Data Experience in a similar role with responsibilities as listed above.
Solid experience on Enterprise Data Warehouse integration and reporting developing modern data platform solutions, data governance, architecture frameworks and processes.
On hands experience in Big Data technologies and Apache ecosystem technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Hive, and have experience building end to end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud-based data platforms.
Technical leadership and the ability to work with a wider group of architects, application teams and business teams to define and socialise architectural concepts and approaches

Ideally, you’ll also have
Proven track record in either consulting in a date/information modelling environment in a big 4 plus
Certification in one of the Cloud Vendors (AWS, Microsoft, Google)- Preferred.
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects

What we offer
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.
We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com.

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $150,000 including 10% superannuation.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
4,4,"Engage business and technology teams to deliver best in class.
Customer Lifecycle Management capabilities.
Work collaboratively with the various delivery practice groups.
Provide innovative solutions that meet the needs of our business.
Perform data gathering and develop business, technical and non-functional requirements.
Converts business needs into functional design using knowledge of system capabilities, knowledge and architecture Prepare technical documents such as data mapping and functional specifications.
Prepare process maps Assist in assessing and documenting the current state of business to identify and recommend improvements and verification and validation of resulting requirements
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $97,054.00 – $159,719.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
5,5,"JOB REF:KH485752
Utilise your analytical skills to support, optimise and continually improve business operations.
Gain valuable commercial and operational experience to support your career development with WesCEF.
Based in Murdoch, permanent full time role with flexible working arrangements available, such as working from home and varied start/finish times.
Kleenheat has been providing energy solutions to homes and businesses across Western Australia and the Northern Territory for more than 60 years.
We’re committed to delivering energy for today’s customers and tomorrow’s opportunities, with a focus on safe and reliable products and helpful customer service.
We pride ourselves on our values of safety, accountability, integrity, collaboration and customer focus – with an understanding that our success is underpinned by our people.
About the role
We’re on the lookout for an innovative and driven Commercial Analyst to join the Commercial Operations and Pricing function within our Natural Gas and Electricity (NG&E) team.
The Commercial Operations and Pricing function is responsible for the day-to-day operations of Kleenheat’s Electricity Retail business, governing and maintaining the NG&E pricing process, and monitoring profitability. Reporting to the Commercial Lead, you’ll be responsible for providing analytical, reporting and operational support to the NG&E business. The role provides the right candidate the opportunity to be at the centre of unprecedented changes in the energy sector, focused on the understanding of economic, technological and regulatory factors, that will shape the coming decades. An important part of this role is stakeholder engagement, so in addition to your analytical capability you’ll be comfortable supporting internal and external stakeholders.
Key responsibilities include:
Supporting the team to ensure the day-to-day electricity retail function operates smoothly, including maintaining and supporting the monthly electricity billing process.
Assisting with the preparation, administration and submission of retail market obligations for the NG&E business.
Review and identify emerging trends in regulatory decisions and external economic factors to drive commercial decisions.
Prepare internal and external correspondence on key policy and economic issues.
Integrate changes into pricing models and assumptions, as well as actively contributing to the continual improvement of the overall commercial process.
Working closely with the NG&E business to provide analytical support for monitoring of portfolio profitability.
Working with internal and external stakeholders to provide support on pricing and operational matters.
Providing commercial support for Kleenheat’s Regulatory function.
Skills & experience:
We value all types of experiences here, so if you don’t meet all the skills and experience, we’d still love to hear from you. Some of the skills and experience we are looking for include:
Prior experience in an analytical, commercial, technical or engineering role.
Ability to collaborate across multiple teams and stakeholders.
High attention to detail, and ability to meet demanding deadlines.
Sound commercial decision making capability with a strong customer focus.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong research and data analysis skills.
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Experience working in a regulated utility, government policy or regulatory environment in the energy sector, including renewable or emerging energy (highly desirable but not essential).
Joining Kleenheat means you’ll have opportunities to grow your career in a collaborative environment where your voice is heard and your contribution valued.
Please note you are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to commence in this role.
We value our employees by offering:
Competitive remuneration including allocation of Wesfarmers shares and participation in our annual incentive plan.
Employer parental leave payment up to 16 weeks including superannuation on unpaid parental leave.
Ongoing professional development and career opportunities across our diverse businesses and the Wesfarmers Group.
Salary sacrifice opportunities, including novated lease vehicle packaging.
Access to employee benefits across Wesfarmers including staff discounts at Bunnings, Kleenheat, Kmart, Target and Officeworks and Wesfarmers Arts sponsored events.
We welcome people with different skills, and life experiences and encourage individuals from diverse backgrounds to apply.
We pride ourselves on developing and supporting people and recognise the importance of flexibility. When you apply, please let us know if you are seeking a flexible employment arrangement.
Applications close Monday, 30 May at 5pm AWST."
6,6,"Data management and Analytics Team, within the Identity and Cyber Security Division, is responsible for data, metrics and reporting across User Access Management and Privilege Access Management. We are seeking a Senior Data/Business Analyst to join the team to help with the delivery of our new strategic Central Data Hub reporting platform.

As a Data Analyst, you will be working with diverse stakeholders representing technology, operational risk and Macquarie business operations to define and document data and reporting requirements for the new reporting platform. You will perform analysis of data to ensure appropriate reporting and alignment in IAM Governance and Operational Reports. You will also be responsible identifying process gaps and for opportunities for enhancements of processes and controls.


Your key responsibilities in this role will be:
design and build of reports and dashboards using PowerBI application
analysis of data behind existing reports and dashboards
reviewing, identifying, and sourcing data for new or existing reports
ensure quality, completeness, and accuracy of data in reports and dashboard
perform analysis of data incidents and issues
respond to stakeholder queries related to data
generate granular data details for divisions to action
spot data trends to interpret impact and results
assist users to identify relevant data for remediation and resolution
identifying data issues and work with appropriate resources to resolve them
support monitoring of control effectiveness
support resolution of data related Service Desk tickets
give guidance and support and to other Data Analysts in the team


Our ideal candidate will:
Be curious and have a learning mindset: understanding “what” we need to do, but to be self-driven to understand “why” we are doing it, especially in the technical space.
Value our customers: Our team continues to deliver functionality for our customers to use, so responding to any customer concerns or feedback helps us continually improve what we offer, and helps build better relationships with them.
Accountability: Be able to own task you are given through to completion. Asking questions and raising concerns where needed.
Strong communicator: Clear and complete communication is crucial for this role. Telling the whole story and pre-empting any questions.


To be successful in this role, you will have the following skills and experience:
Experience in Power BI, and SQL
three or more years of experience in Senior technical business analyst or Senior data analyst roles
understanding of IAM domains such as Access Management, Identity Life cycle Management, Privileged Access Management, Reporting, and analytics
proven ability to communicate problems and solutions effectively
About the Corporate Operations Group
The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-964349
Work type: Agency Worker
Location: Sydney
Category: Technology
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Technology
Recruiter: Alex Clark
Opening Date: 26/4/2022"
7,7,"Mirvac is an Australian property group with a clearly defined purpose to ‘reimagine urban life’. For 50 years, we’ve dedicated ourselves to shaping Australia’s urban landscape. Our evolution has been significant, growing from a small joint venture to a thriving ASX-listed property group that leads the way in sustainability, innovation, safety and placemaking.

At Mirvac, we know that it’s our people, their passion and expertise and the exceptional experiences we create for our audience, that defines us.

Our opportunity

We have an opportunity for a Business Analyst (BI/Salesforce/Data) to join our Integrated Investment Portfolio business who creates, owns and manage extraordinary retail, office, industrial, build-to-rent residential mixed-use places. Our customer strategy is to deliver an experience that is the envy of the market, powers customer success and creates measurable value.

You will be a key contributor to delivering projects and outcomes aligned to our customer analytics and insights strategy. Working as part of a small team and working closely with our business, Customer, Data and Digital delivery teams you will execute and deliver projects.

Your key responsibilities will include and are not limited to:

Act as a product owner, understand business and customer desired outcomes
Define and document customer journeys and process aligned to desired outcomes
Document business requirements as user stories for our digital and data teams to deliver
Design products such as voice of customer surveys, dashboards, and CRM screens
Use business tools to build surveys in GetFeedback
Plan and execute user acceptance testing
Assess change impact and facilitate business transition through comms, training, etc.
Develop and manage relationships with stakeholders to influence and gain support for projects and initiatives.
Ensure that periodic voice of customer programs to capture feedback from customers
Provide reporting to board, executives and other stakeholders on various customer metrics (NPS, Complaints, etc) extracting, calculating, and providing insight
Support effective governance over our customer data and processes
Uplift customer data/analytics fluency in the business

Your point of difference
You will be qualified in Business, Project Management, Technology, Data or equivalent with solid experience in customer insights and data or a business analyst role; including transformation and innovation experience.

You will have a high proficiency and understanding of data and analytics platforms coupled with the ability to produce reports with key insights and metrics. Experience in Salesforce will be advantageous.

Exceptional stakeholder engagement and influencing skills are essential to your success.

What sets us apart?
Mirvac's team is our most valuable asset, and we invest in our people accordingly. A huge part of this is creating a positive workplace environment, where people are respected, encouraged and rewarded.

We're proud to have built a culture of inclusivity, innovation and collaboration, becoming a place where people genuinely want to work. We feel fortunate to have so many talented, purpose-driven individuals on our team and our distinctive employee benefits highlight one of the ways we show our appreciation covering Lifestyle, Wellbeing, Community and Learning & Development - and with employee engagement exceeding 90%, it seems this appreciation goes both ways.

If you are interested in being considered for this diverse, rewarding and challenging opportunity please apply online."
8,8,"Senior Delivery Lead - NSW Data Analytics Centre (DAC)
Play an influential role in the delivery of high-profile projects
Support a variety of outcomes across NSW Government
Working with genuinely awesome, ambitious, and collaborative people
Make a difference to the people of NSW
Great exposure to cutting edge technology


Our Mission
The NSW Data Analytics Centre’s (DAC) mission is to build world-class capabilities in whole-of-government data analytics to improve outcomes for citizens of NSW. In a world of increasing complexity and rapid change, data analytics has the potential to deliver innovation in service provisions and improve outcomes by generating new perspectives. The NSW DAC was the first of its kind in Australia, and a model now being replicated in other jurisdictions.
The Data Analytics Centre (DAC) exists to lead a whole-of-government approach in tackling some of the State’s most difficult policy challenges. Using DAC’s Data Analytics Platform, the DAC works to connect data, people and insights to build world-class capabilities in whole-of-government data analytics to improve health and well-being, safety, social, economic and environmental outcomes for the citizens of NSW.
Take a look at our website at https https://data.nsw.gov.au/nsw-data-analytics-centre to learn more about us.
About the Role
An exciting opportunity for a Senior Delivery Lead to join the NSW Data Analytic Centre’s diverse and collaborative team, engaging with various partners both internally to the Department of Customer Service (DCS) and across the NSW government sector.
As Senior Delivery Lead, you will manage and coordinate the development and implementation of agency projects to support key government initiatives such as the Premier’s Priorities. The DAC as a provider of advanced data analytics and data services capability which aid in development of data driven decision making, evidence-based policy making and service delivery. The role actively contributes to a high performing team environment, providing excellent customer service and enabling continual service improvement practices.
Key Responsibilities

Building a high performing, self-organizing (Kanban squads/scrum teams).
Lead and facilitate Agile ceremonies and provide coaching for new team members.
Identify, mitigate, and escalate issues and risk where appropriate.
Build strong relationships with customers and partners.
Manage and maintain delivery documentation and reporting.
Lead the use of data, appropriate methodologies, research, and analysis to deliver on DAC priorities.
Lead the development of high-quality data analysis and reporting.
Lead engagements with customers to collaborate on then planning of projects to enable delivery and a sound assessment of outcomes.
Contribute in helping to Identify and capitalise on opportunities to develop and maintain strategic relationships across government, industry, and the community.
Provide coaching and mentoring to other team members to achieve high levels of performance in meeting the project/unit objectives and a culture of ongoing capability development.
Contribute at a senior level to the overall management and strategic development of the business unit and perform duties as required by the Director, Data Services.


Key Skills and Experience
Relevant tertiary qualifications (technical or I.T. related).
Demonstrated currency of knowledge in the areas of agile delivery and project management.
Strong communication, presentation, and collaboration skills – Experience in ensuring that key relationships, internally and externally, are managed effectively and alignment is achieved across all teams.
Display the key behaviours of an agile mindset – Trust, Transparency and Collaboration.
Ability to dealing with a diverse range of complex matters and highly conceptual issues to recommend practical solutions, often within limited timeframes.
Translate technical and complex information into plain English in an environment of divergent stakeholder perspectives.
A general understanding of data technologies and analytical methods.


Highly Desirable
Expensive experience as Project Manager, Delivery Officer, Delivery Lead, Technical Project Management or Technical Business Analysis and or strong background in the planning and delivery of technical solutions in the I.T. space.
Senior leader, customer engagement and senior account management skills.
Strong understanding of the Agile Methodology and extensive experience in its practical application to support the delivery of large project portfolio.
Experience in relationship management with government agencies, private industry, peak industry advisory bodies, the public, committees, and other groups.


Who You Are
You have a passion for working with people and believe in the power of empowered Agile delivery teams.
You have a pragmatic approach to preaching agile methodologies.
You know how IT projects work - and you love delivering outcomes for our customers.
You're someone who is highly organised and ready to go. All the time.
You understand the challenges our customers go through to move from a project to an outcome-oriented mindset, and you’re willing to help them with it.
You're a natural at building trusting relationships in the team and with our customers.
You thrive when collaborating with others to make things happen.
You have a good sense of direction and can inspire others.
You walk and talk the live values everyday: Integrity, Accountability and Trust.
Able to manage multiple concurrent work streams.
Ability to declutter complex problems into manageable chunks.


Why the DAC and the Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is the newest agency in the NSW Government. We are a central agency of Government, comprised of agencies and business units that deliver regulatory and other services to the people of NSW and across the NSW Government. We are committed to championing the interests and perspectives of NSW citizens to deliver better customer service outcomes.
The DAC is committed to building a culture of highly engaged and talented people, all working together in a collaborative and high-performance culture which facilitates career mobility and diversity. Our culture is underpinned by the NSW Public Sector core values of Excellence in Service, Integrity, Accountability and Trust and a clear set of expected behaviours.
How to Apply!

Your application should include a cover letter of no more than 2 pages, and an up-to-date resume of no more than five pages which clearly details your skills and experience as relevant to this role. Applicants invited for interview will be required to complete additional assessments. There are no selection criteria to be addressed.

A Talent Pool may be created for future on-going and temporary roles and is valid for a period of up to 12 months.
For enquiries regarding this position, please contact Vincent Azara on Vincent.Azara@customerservice.nsw.gov.au.
Salary grade 9/10, with the base salary for this role starting at $113,343 base plus superannuation.


Based on our current Work, Health and Safety (WHS) requirements, and in line with our Mandatory Vaccination Policy, it is a condition of engagement for a role within Service NSW/Department of Customer Service that staff be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Successful applicants will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. Any relevant medical circumstances impacting on the ability to obtain a COVID-19 vaccination will be considered. These requirements apply to both internal and external preferred candidates and must be completed prior to commencing in the position. If you have a medical contraindication which may prevent you from complying with this requirement, please contact kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au to discuss your circumstances.
Closing Date: Friday 27th May 2022 at 9:59am.
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service, and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Visit our Careers site to find out what it means to work for us.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Flexibility
We are committed to diversity, inclusion, and new ways of working.
The Department of Customer Service serves all the people of NSW and we want to reflect that diversity in our people. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQA+ community, veterans, carers, refugees, people in regional NSW and people of all ages. We strive to be an inclusive workplace where all our people can bring their authentic selves to work without judgement.
We understand that there are different ways of getting the job done and offer flexible working arrangements where and when possible.
If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form or contact the recruiter via kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au."
9,9,"Utilise your skills in business analysis and join a growing and specialised team, focused on delivering Financial Risk projects within our Risk Management Group. This is an exciting career opportunity that will allow you to develop expertise within the Financial Risk domain. As such, you will bring with you prior experience or interest in any of the below fields:
Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk
Market Risk
Credit Risk
You will join a project delivery team tasked with supporting the Market Risk, Credit Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk client divisions with achieving their ambitious change agenda. Our persistent internal project team comprises project professionals with varied experience who focus on multiple complex initiatives delivering significant change due to regulatory and / or internal drivers for change. The role offers a great career path for an organised mind with a deep interest and curiosity in Financial Market Regulation and Financial Risk management across the group.
With prior experience as a project Business Analyst, you will bring with you a proven ability to deliver system, process, procedure and policy changes in Financial Risk or related areas. You will leverage your great communication skills and interest in Financial Markets to deliver end to end change in one or more projects, ensuring requirements are met and benefits realised, driving key outcomes as agreed with your business stakeholders.
Your key responsibilities will include:
Leading and participating in gathering information, evidence, facilitating workshops as part of the project deliverable – including gap analysis of current vs future state
Co-ordinating and/or implementing changes made to systems, processes, policies and procedures end to end to solve the problem at hand
Acting as a primary point of contact for your project delivery, you will build enduring relationships with key business stakeholders, leveraging your understanding of the subject matter area to frame the problem in business terms
Leveraging your agile experience to get the job done in a pragmatic way
Contributing to project plans and providing updates including identifying, communicating, and managing risks to solution delivery
You will bring with you:
Prior experience as a Business Analyst
An interest and understanding of work required in the financial risk domain, if not direct experience
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Proven interpersonal skills to establish effective working relationships with key stakeholders and managing expectations
Relevant degree / qualifications
Experience in delivering projects through geographically dispersed teams and external resources is desirable
Prior experience in front or middle office roles, including product control, projects & change and/or trading functions is desirable
If this sounds like you please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Risk Management Group
The Risk Management Group (RMG) is an independent, centralised unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Behavioural Risk, Compliance, Credit, Financial Crime Risk, Internal Audit, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk, and RMG Enterprise Support.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: RMG-962598
Work type: Permanent - Full time, Agency Worker
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Projects, Improvements & Change, Risk Management
Group: Risk Management Group
Division: RAAR
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 16/2/2022"
10,10,"Imagine a career where your innovation and creativity can make a positive impact on the world around you. At Siemens we focus on the biggest challenges facing Australia and New Zealand and provide technology-based solutions from our Building Technology, Mobility, Power Generation, Healthcare, Energy Management, Digital Factory, and Process Industries and Drives divisions.

Siemens is one of the largest and most successful electrical engineering and electronics organisations in the world. Operating across many different industry sectors, our technology products and services touch almost all our lives in some way every day of the year. Join us and discover how you can make a difference.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for an individual who loves to work with data to join our Smart Infrastructure team as Sales Intern based in Bayswater, VIC.

As a Sales Intern with Siemens you will gain experience across the Siemens Salesforce platform, with a view to becoming a technical champion. Tasks will include cleaning raw data within the CRM, troubleshooting, creation of user accounts, and assisting users with technical issues. In all aspects we are looking for confident, curious, self-motivated individual, with a problem solving mentality who has a passion for data.

Our people are motivated, enthusiastic, and flexible. They’re passionate about making a difference and look for opportunities to get involved. If this sounds like you, then we’d love to hear from you.

Our success is underpinned by the sustainable value we bring to our customers and we do this through our products, services, solutions, and our people. Siemens offers an environment where high performance is rewarded and avenues for growth encouraged and nurtured.

Siemens is a proud equal opportunity employer, creating a work environment of diversity and inclusion. Our diverse workforce cultivates Innovation and Excellence and in turn creates a workplace where our employees belong and prosper. Diversity and inclusion help us fully realise the potential of our people. As part of Siemens Ownership culture, Siemens also genuinely supports reasonable flexible working practices that empower our employees to best meet work and personal commitments.

Organization: Smart Infrastructure
Company: Siemens Ltd.
Experience Level: Early Professional
Job Type: Full-time"
11,11,"We have multiple Mid-level and Senior Business Analyst opportunities in our Reporting, Risk, Analytics & Platforms team within Macquarie’s Financial Management Group. Use your business knowledge and analytical experience to assist an established project team with the delivery of a significant & high-profile regulatory transformation project.
About the role
As a Business Analyst, you’ll support in delivering to our critical regulatory milestones in reporting and data. You’ll support in lifting remediation issues as a team player with an inquisitive, analytical mindset to delve deeper into the root causes. We have scope to hire at a mid or senior level.
As an instrumental part of our Group Treasury team, you will work closely with subject matter experts to understand and document, business and data requirements for products and calculations. You will act as a liaison between business users and the technology delivery teams and be able to articulate and assist with the understanding and interpretation of requirements. In addition, you may also participate in testing.
To be successful, you will have the following skills.
Ability to understand business processes and scenarios, their impacts, and effects on data
Ability to work closely with business and technical stakeholders at all levels as a team player
Business analysis experience; specifically in the financial or regulatory reporting space
Strong product knowledge; derivative and commodity knowledge preferable but not essential
Strong problem solving and analytical skills, with good attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to coordinate multiple assignments and work independently to meet project milestones and deadlines
’Can do’ proactive attitude, with a proven record of delivering project outcomes
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-964609
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Group Treasury
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 02/5/2022"
12,12,"This is an exciting new opportunity to join Macquarie’s Risk Management Group, focused on key Financial Crime Risk initiatives. This is a high visibility role, on a multi-year, CRO sponsored program!
Focused on key Financial Crime Risk (FCR) initiatives, this role sits within an experienced team and involves working with FCR stakeholders, colleagues in technology, operations and other business groups to assess impacts on current state, as well as shape and deliver solutions which manage our external obligations and allow our Risk Management Group to effectively manage risk.
We are seeking both a Manager and a Senior Manager with Business Analyst capability. In this role you will assess impacts on current state, as well as shape and deliver solutions which manage our external obligations and allow our Risk Management Group to effectively manage risk.
As a member of the Projects and Change team, you will be responsible for:
Business Analysis at all stages of the project lifecycle (from initiation to implementation)
Working to deadlines, delivering to scope
Contributing to working group packs
Maintain an open dialogue with the team
Communicate identified risks.
To be successful in the role you will bring with you at least 3+ years prior Business Analyst experience, ideally gained within the financial crime domain. You will use your strong written and verbal communications skills to communicate with a broad range of stakeholders, and be able to work both independently and has part of team.
If this sounds like you then we would love to hear from you, please apply via the link below.
About the Risk Management Group
The Risk Management Group (RMG) is an independent, centralised unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Behavioural Risk, Compliance, Credit, Financial Crime Risk, Internal Audit, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk, and RMG Enterprise Support.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive."
13,13,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

We’re looking for a Product Analyst, within our Digital and Emerging Technologies team. The Product Analyst is responsible for the delivery of market research data and the development of tangible consumer benefits. Through your efforts to analyse data, marketing strategies are developed which will be used to enhance the reception of our product in the market.

How do you achieve this?

Work collaboratively with product leads to understand the product vision and business objectives to scope and roadmap the product’s delivery
Assist with presenting technical features for prioritisation through the Program Management Group (PMG) and ensure the business features are presented to PMG by business reps
Work collaboratively across the team to ensure that features to be created are assigned to the relevant areas
Support the team and track progress through mechanisms like stand-up meetings, periodic planning and stakeholder workshops
Assist assist delivery teams to progress design and escalate any risks and issues as required to ensure delivery
Suggest product enhancements to improve the user experience and support our client’s objectives

To be successful in this role, you must have:

Experience in software development projects, ideally having contributed to large enterprise scale Data and Analytics platform work
Ability to understand solution design and technical architecture and assist with preparing detailed technical features documents in collaboration with stakeholders
Highly developed verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a cross functional team and stakeholders
Strong analytical skills to assist product leads break down a solution into parts and understand the solution holistically
Excellent attention to detail to pick up gaps and ability to solve problems by engaging the correct stakeholders
Preferable to have experience in Cloud environment (AWS/Azure)
Agile/Scrum/Scaled Agile experience will be a big advantage
You must be an Australian citizen and be able to hold security clearance to be eligible for this position.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
14,14,"What you'll do as a Quantitative Research Intern at Akuna:
Our Quantitative Team are a mixture of mathematicians, statisticians and technologists that find solutions to problems. We create trading models and strategies scientifically by combining our quantitative expertise with an understanding of derivatives and financial markets. We are seeking interns to join the team to apply their quantitative skills to exciting problem. You don't need a background in finance or trading, instead we look for maths and coding skills.
Our Quantitative Researchers work closely with our developers and traders to analyse and predict all facets of derivative pricing and develop trading strategies using statistical and machine learning algorithms. They create, conduct, and analyse experiments to develop a deep understanding of derivatives and financial markets, test solutions using historical parameters and market data, and perform extensive data analysis to directly improve our trading strategies, design and implement optimisation algorithms for portfolio construction, and advances existing initiatives to explore opportunities for new research topics.
This internship will include a mixture of Akunacademy training sessions, project work, and mentoring opportunities. If this sounds interesting to you, apply now! We are looking for people who have innovative ideas, think analytically, and have an entrepreneurial mindset and want to make an immediate impact in our growing company and contribute to Akuna's strategy portfolio.
Internship dates: 10 weeks from November 2022- February 2023
This is a paid internship with an annual salary of $100K AUD pro rata for the summer. We, further, provide travel and housing for anyone not living in Sydney.
Requirements for this role:
Australian or NZ citizen or Australian Permanent residences only
University Degree, graduating between August 2023 and January 2024
An understanding of statistics and machine learning
Basic programming skills in Python or C++
Strong maths skills: able to apply concepts of probability, calculus and linear algebra
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to run a project in a fast paced, team environment
Financial experience or studies are NOT a requirement
Qualities that make great candidates:
Bachelor, Honours, Masters or PhDs in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related degrees
Distinction Average & proven strong academics
Awards, prizes, medals, competitions, & scholarships
Experience in research within an academic or professional environment
Achievements outside of studies through your hobbies & interests
About Akuna:
Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialise in providing liquidity as an options market maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. At Akuna we have a flat structure, where the best idea wins.
Our Founding Partners, including our CEO Andrew Killion, first conceptualised Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened our first office in 2011 in Chicago, the heart of the derivatives & options industry. Akuna then expanded to Sydney in 2018 to be the centre of our Asian trading operations, and in 2021 we moved to our Barangaroo waterfront office. We currently trade in HK, Korea, India, cryptocurrencies, and US night markets and are excited for expansions into all the major Asian exchanges. We also have offices in London, Shanghai and Boston.
At Akuna, we believe that the people are the centre of everything we do. Our Sydney office has a start-up feel with less than 200 people, which means you really get to know the team! We run social poker competitions, happy hours, have a fully stacked breakfast and snack room, host social events, go on company trips, social club events, and offer great training with our Akuna University. We are expanding rapidly and looking for the best talent to join us on this journey. If you enjoy being part of smart, driven teams with real challenges to solve- this could be the place for you!"
15,15,"Company Description

Connecting people and communities| Driving eCommerce | Moving Australia & New Zealand
With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.
From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner by road or rail, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.
Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.


Job Description

As a Business Analyst you will collaborate and engage with diverse stakeholders to ensure that the client’s organisational objectives are understood through the analysis and synthesis of information.
You will ensure alignment with strategic planning, business model analysis, process design and systems analysis and directly engage with the team and business stakeholder’s ensuring business is supported at all times.
What you'll do:
Setting priorities, assist in budgeting and plans to achieve overall unit strategy, goals and targets
Balance capabilities to align to the IT strategy and its alignment to the Business strategy
Ensure business analysis approach, provide input and develop the business case for projects by identifying the benefit associated and determine the operational dependencies and assumptions
Create and develop plans for growth and innovation to conduct business analysis
Ensure team understanding by defining business needs and translating them into business processes, designs and system needs
Lead/assist with project briefs – to identify benefits associated with particular pieces of work, operational dependencies, and establish appropriate proposals to clearly articulate the requirements


Qualifications

What are we looking for?
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology or a related discipline
About You:

An open mindset to continuously develop and strive for a career at Global Express along with a can-do attitude will set you apart.
The role requires someone driven, passionate, organised, and tenacious. The Business Analyst will have strong communication and negotiation skills with a desire to continuously learn and grow their skillsets and a team player.
Proven and consistent problem-solving ability
Highly developed interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and enthusiastic approach to work
Demonstrated capability in working with large volumes of data from different sources
Able to work autonomously or as a leader/member of a team
A forward-planning/strategic work outlook
Able to improvise, adapt and overcome objections/resistance and achieving goals
Integrity, accountability, respect, honesty, initiative and openness
Customer service focus
Results-driven
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Desire to promote innovation and continuous improvement

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.
It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.
To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers [link removed]
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
16,16,"TruRating – be part of something which will change the world.
Take the plunge. Live the dream. Do something you know will affect the lives of millions the world over, which will change the way businesses, consumers, and even governments think. Get out of bed in the morning for that adrenalin hit, love the pace, love the challenge, love doing what has never been done before – and love being the best you’ve ever been.
TruRating is a global, rapidly scaling data & tech startup. With our multi-award-winning, game-changing technology, we take a pulse of consumer sentiment whenever a customer pays, on the payment terminal, via their mobile or online. With an average of 88% of consumers responding in-store and 50% online, for the first time ever, businesses can now gain access to mass, representative and validated feedback. This unique data set also feeds a consumer website to compete with the likes of Yelp! and TripAdvisor, so consumers get trustworthy and representative recommendations from real customers.
Our customers include some of the best performing and highest-profile retailers in the world – and this group is growing all the time. We are collecting millions of ratings and over 150m data points every week and are ‘live’ in the UK, Europe, North America, Australia, and NZ. With 320m ratings now under our belt and global patents granted / registered, the world is there for the taking. We need to grow our passionate team to help us live out the dream and deliver on our incredible opportunity.
*
The role in a nutshell*
You will be responsible for delivering actionable and in-depth data analysis and recommendations to our clients - helping them to better understand and meet the needs of their consumers to grow and evolve their businesses.
You will also be part of a cross-functional team that continues to develop our insight as a service product - making recommendations on useful data sets to incorporate, developing new data analytics / insights and reviewing the ways in which the data is visualized and presented.
The role requires a talented and highly motivated individual who fits well into the team, has excellent communication skills and a keen eye for the detail. The successful candidate will need to quickly understand the capabilities of our software, the value of our data assets and the challenges and opportunities retailers who use our service face. You will be a great communicator and fantastic at articulating findings. You will immediately come in and add value to our discussions with retailers.
The successful candidate will have some previous data insight experience in at least one of the following areas with a desire to expand their knowledge across the others:
Retail
Restaurants/Hospitality
Ecommerce
Customer Experience
Market Research
Requirements
Key responsibilities
To turn large customer sentiment and transaction data sets into easy to understand, compelling and impactful data visualisations with clear commentary
To deliver robust and actionable analysis and recommendations that lead to business change for our retail clients
To explore and incorporate additional third party data sets that can be added to the existing data to provide deeper insight and context
To write or select new market research questions and design new market research campaigns to uncover further insight and key drivers of performance.
We would love to bring on board someone who is/has…
A curious instinct with a high aptitude for problem solving, resourcefulness and attention to detail
Highly proficient in using Excel, PowerPoint and BI tools to query, manipulate and visualise data Ability to interpret data, present insights and add commentary focussed on the business opportunity
Confident presenting analytics directly to clients with the ability to simplify complex data analytics and communicate to a non-technical audience. The ability to tell a story and to provide recommendations using the data and insights
An understanding of statistical techniques (e.g. regression models, clustering, statistical tests etc) supported by a university degree in a numerate discipline
Able to plan, prioritise and reliably deliver, to scope and on time, across multiple projects in collaboration with colleagues across time zones and locations
A team player with fantastic interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills
Self-reliant, resilient and proactive with a high motivation to make things happen, deliver effectively and efficiently.
Benefits
TruRewards
We offer our TruFamily members many benefits including 25 days holiday, a fun and creative working environment, supportive and high-quality colleagues, a fully stocked kitchen of treats and drinks, plus our fun summer and winter days out. We also provide a yearly allowance towards any personal health insurance policies that team members might hold which we pay monthly on top of annual salary.
Job Type: Contract"
17,17,"About us
The NSW Institute of Sport (NSWIS) is a high-performance sporting organisation that supports Australian athletes to become world’s best. We reach all regions of NSW with an Olympic and Paralympic training facility based at Sydney Olympic Park and high-performance hubs across NSW that provide world class daily training environments for our athletes and coaches. Our experts work in collaboration with partners within the national sporting system to create and deliver high performance support services and environments to prepare athletes and coaches for international competition.
About the role
NSWIS aspires to be a leader in sport intelligence and technology and is offering an exciting opportunity to fill a Section Lead, Senior Data Analyst role until 31 December 2024.
This role will play a significant part in the ongoing execution of an organisation-wide road map and best practice approach to data analytics ensuring NSWIS develops an international reputation as a progressive leader and provides our athletes with access to world class performance environments and services. This will include identifying ways of commercialising our sport intelligence capabilities via product development and industry partnerships.
Working closely with counterparts from the AIS and broader national high performance system to ensure NSWIS is aligned and integrated with the system, able to leverage its capability and resources, and develop a sustainable operating model.
This is a full-time position with an immediate start, offering a salary range $126,511 – $138,371, plus superannuation, which will be negotiable based on the successful candidates.
This is an identified position requiring a Working with Children and Police Check.
For further information about the role and the key accountabilities please see the .


About you
You will have:
You are a dynamic leader who has turned a passion for data and technology innovation into a career that has given you:
Demonstrated experience leading a team of data science/analytics experts where you have developed the capability of the team and driven the development and implementation of strategies and projects.
Led the development of systems to gather, manage and review information from a variety of sources, applied exploratory data analytics to detect trends, and built statistical models to make predictions and distil meaningful insights.
Deep understanding of high performance sport (Olympic & Paralympic sport is desirable).
Ability to frame business/organisational problems into mathematical models, develop analytics-based solutions, and present actionable recommendations to key stakeholders.
Possess a balance of analytical problem solving, and strong interpersonal, and relationship development skills.
Remain curious of and acquire new knowledge and skills (coaching the team to promote capability development).
Essential requirements
University-level qualifications in one of the following areas: Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or similar.
Fluent programming skills in: R and SQL (Python is a plus).
5-10 years experience working in a high performing inter-disciplinary environment in data analytics or sport intelligence.
Technical knowledge and understanding of how technology can enhance athlete and organisational performance.
Experience in project management and strategy development in a similar-sized organisation
Exposure to embedded systems and machine learning.
Experience in leading the technical capability development of a team.
Microsoft SQL Database experience including SQL scripting.
Level 1 & 2 Sport Integrity Australia (Anti-Doping Certificate)
Sport Integrity Australia – Anti-Doping Fundamentals and annual update 2022.
Sport Integrity Australia – PBTR – Child Protection and Safeguarding
Current driver’s license
Applying for the role
To apply for this role please submit:
A cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements and focus capabilities in the for the role (maximum 1 page)
An up-to-date CV outlining experience, qualifications and achievements (please include at least two referees)
A response to the pre-screening questions
In no more than two pages please answer the below questions:
Provide a recent example of where you have utilised data science techniques to successfully inform organisational decision making. Please describe the problem, your data sources, and your approach. (You can provide code snippets to supplement your answer).
Describe a recent example where you worked in a R environment. Specify techniques and libraries utilised, why you used them, how you enabled collaboration in the project and how environment replication was conducted.
If you would like to enquire about the role please contact Kirsten Thomson, Director Corporate & Communications via 02 9763 0222.
To apply complete your application via the iworkforNSW by midnight Sunday 22 May 2022. Only those applications that address the selection criteria and focus capabilities will be considered by the Selection Panel.


This recruitment may be used to create a Talent Pool for similar future roles that may arise over the next 18 months.
For more information about the NSW Institute of Sport please visit www.nswis.com.au.
The NSW Institute of Sport encourages all applicants who can be safely vaccinated for COVID 19, to be so. Candidates unable to receive the COVID-19 vaccination due to a medical condition may be requested to provide an NSW Health COVID-19 Vaccine Medical Contraindication form completed by a medical practitioner.

Commitment to Diversity
The NSW Institute of Sport is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce which reflects our community, sport partners and athletes. We encourage applications from suitable candidates including; of all ages, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, veterans, refugees, LGBTIQ+ community and people with disability."
18,18,"· Bachelor’s Degree · 2+ years of relevant professional experience · Excel skills (Pivot Tables, VLookups) · Experience working a queue of requests and meeting SLAs
Job summary Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 100 fully featured services to millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure. Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust. The AWS RI Team is in need of a driven, analytical, and process-oriented individual to own the creation and processing of EC2 Reserved Instance transaction requests. We're looking for a motivated self-starter who is excited to escalate systemic issues, identify opportunities for improvement, has experience meeting strict SLAs, is comfortable working from a ticket queue, and has a passion for accuracy. Candidate must have English and Korean language skills (oral and written). Key Responsibilities · Process Reserved Instance purchases and modifications · Occasionally act as escalation point for Reserved Instance requests and issues · Quickly establish root causes and communicate appropriately to internal stakeholders · Vocally self-critical to allow for self-correction of errors · Communicate effectively across all related channels to ensure transparency of process · Occasionally retrieve and evaluate data using Excel and other data management/BI systems Mandatory Requirement: • Strong verbal and written communication skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. • Strong data presentation skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. This job is not eligible for immigration sponsorship.

Functional experience with quantitative, analytical and organizational skills


Attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills


Existing knowledge of AWS Reserved Instances and tooling


Effective verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams


Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects


Highly organized, excellent multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
19,19,"Do you enjoy complex problem solving and have an interest in understanding how a global financial services group operates? Are you curious and like to be challenged whilst learning new skills?
Join a high-calibre, collaborative workplace within Liquidity Risk in Macquarie’s Group Treasury division. This is a unique opportunity which will necessitate you to think broadly, be forward-thinking and proactive, and consider how domestic and international regulatory changes and other internal and external factors will shape Macquarie's business activities.
We are looking for an Executive level to join Liquidity Risk. The team is responsible for developing internal liquidity frameworks, interpreting regulatory liquidity requirements, and monitoring compliance. Within this role, you will be involved in, but not limited to:
Developing the internal liquidity policy and framework across the Macquarie Group, including regional liquidity management and monitoring
Interpreting and updating liquidity assumptions and treatments
Regulatory interpretation – APS210 and Basel framework in particular
Advising senior management and business units on implications of internal and regulatory liquidity frameworks
Liquidity scenarios and stress testing
Stakeholder management and senior management reporting
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
Outstanding academic background in a financial or quantitative degree, e.g. actuarial, accounting, economics, engineering, mathematics
Strong numerical and analytical skills, coupled with an ability to understand and succinctly explain complex data sets and concepts
Clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
You will be confident in interacting with stakeholders and resolving competing priorities
A high level of attention to detail and commercial acumen
The following experience will be viewed favourably:
Previous experience within a Treasury function with exposure to liquidity risk or similar
Knowledge of the banking sector and regulatory environment
Understanding of accounting concepts and principles including profit and loss and balance sheet analysis
This role will give you exposure to senior stakeholders and the broader Group Treasury team, including the Liquidity / Markets team responsible for managing short-term liquidity and Funding team who manage and execute long-term debt issuance, banking relationships and funds transfer pricing.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-960097
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Recruiter: Fred Howe
Opening Date: 21/2/2022"
20,20,"Company Description

Connecting people and communities| Driving eCommerce | Moving Australia & New Zealand
With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.
From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner by road or rail, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.
Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.


Job Description

As a Business Analyst you will collaborate and engage with diverse stakeholders to ensure that the client’s organisational objectives are understood through the analysis and synthesis of information.
You will ensure alignment with strategic planning, business model analysis, process design and systems analysis and directly engage with the team and business stakeholder’s ensuring business is supported at all times.
What you'll do:
Setting priorities, assist in budgeting and plans to achieve overall unit strategy, goals and targets
Balance capabilities to align to the IT strategy and its alignment to the Business strategy
Ensure business analysis approach, provide input and develop the business case for projects by identifying the benefit associated and determine the operational dependencies and assumptions
Create and develop plans for growth and innovation to conduct business analysis
Ensure team understanding by defining business needs and translating them into business processes, designs and system needs
Lead/assist with project briefs – to identify benefits associated with particular pieces of work, operational dependencies, and establish appropriate proposals to clearly articulate the requirements


Qualifications

What are we looking for?
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology or a related discipline
About You:

An open mindset to continuously develop and strive for a career at Global Express along with a can-do attitude will set you apart.
The role requires someone driven, passionate, organised, and tenacious. The Business Analyst will have strong communication and negotiation skills with a desire to continuously learn and grow their skillsets and a team player.
Proven and consistent problem-solving ability
Highly developed interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and enthusiastic approach to work
Demonstrated capability in working with large volumes of data from different sources
Able to work autonomously or as a leader/member of a team
A forward-planning/strategic work outlook
Able to improvise, adapt and overcome objections/resistance and achieving goals
Integrity, accountability, respect, honesty, initiative and openness
Customer service focus
Results-driven
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Desire to promote innovation and continuous improvement

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.
It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.
To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers [link removed]
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
21,21,"TruRating – be part of something which will change the world.
Take the plunge. Live the dream. Do something you know will affect the lives of millions the world over, which will change the way businesses, consumers, and even governments think. Get out of bed in the morning for that adrenalin hit, love the pace, love the challenge, love doing what has never been done before – and love being the best you’ve ever been.
TruRating is a global, rapidly scaling data & tech startup. With our multi-award-winning, game-changing technology, we take a pulse of consumer sentiment whenever a customer pays, on the payment terminal, via their mobile or online. With an average of 88% of consumers responding in-store and 50% online, for the first time ever, businesses can now gain access to mass, representative and validated feedback. This unique data set also feeds a consumer website to compete with the likes of Yelp! and TripAdvisor, so consumers get trustworthy and representative recommendations from real customers.
Our customers include some of the best performing and highest-profile retailers in the world – and this group is growing all the time. We are collecting millions of ratings and over 150m data points every week and are ‘live’ in the UK, Europe, North America, Australia, and NZ. With 320m ratings now under our belt and global patents granted / registered, the world is there for the taking. We need to grow our passionate team to help us live out the dream and deliver on our incredible opportunity.
*
The role in a nutshell*
You will be responsible for delivering actionable and in-depth data analysis and recommendations to our clients - helping them to better understand and meet the needs of their consumers to grow and evolve their businesses.
You will also be part of a cross-functional team that continues to develop our insight as a service product - making recommendations on useful data sets to incorporate, developing new data analytics / insights and reviewing the ways in which the data is visualized and presented.
The role requires a talented and highly motivated individual who fits well into the team, has excellent communication skills and a keen eye for the detail. The successful candidate will need to quickly understand the capabilities of our software, the value of our data assets and the challenges and opportunities retailers who use our service face. You will be a great communicator and fantastic at articulating findings. You will immediately come in and add value to our discussions with retailers.
The successful candidate will have some previous data insight experience in at least one of the following areas with a desire to expand their knowledge across the others:
Retail
Restaurants/Hospitality
Ecommerce
Customer Experience
Market Research
Requirements
Key responsibilities
To turn large customer sentiment and transaction data sets into easy to understand, compelling and impactful data visualisations with clear commentary
To deliver robust and actionable analysis and recommendations that lead to business change for our retail clients
To explore and incorporate additional third party data sets that can be added to the existing data to provide deeper insight and context
To write or select new market research questions and design new market research campaigns to uncover further insight and key drivers of performance.
We would love to bring on board someone who is/has…
A curious instinct with a high aptitude for problem solving, resourcefulness and attention to detail
Highly proficient in using Excel, PowerPoint and BI tools to query, manipulate and visualise data Ability to interpret data, present insights and add commentary focussed on the business opportunity
Confident presenting analytics directly to clients with the ability to simplify complex data analytics and communicate to a non-technical audience. The ability to tell a story and to provide recommendations using the data and insights
An understanding of statistical techniques (e.g. regression models, clustering, statistical tests etc) supported by a university degree in a numerate discipline
Able to plan, prioritise and reliably deliver, to scope and on time, across multiple projects in collaboration with colleagues across time zones and locations
A team player with fantastic interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills
Self-reliant, resilient and proactive with a high motivation to make things happen, deliver effectively and efficiently.
Benefits
TruRewards
We offer our TruFamily members many benefits including 25 days holiday, a fun and creative working environment, supportive and high-quality colleagues, a fully stocked kitchen of treats and drinks, plus our fun summer and winter days out. We also provide a yearly allowance towards any personal health insurance policies that team members might hold which we pay monthly on top of annual salary.
Job Type: Contract"
22,22,"About us
The NSW Institute of Sport (NSWIS) is a high-performance sporting organisation that supports Australian athletes to become world’s best. We reach all regions of NSW with an Olympic and Paralympic training facility based at Sydney Olympic Park and high-performance hubs across NSW that provide world class daily training environments for our athletes and coaches. Our experts work in collaboration with partners within the national sporting system to create and deliver high performance support services and environments to prepare athletes and coaches for international competition.
About the role
NSWIS aspires to be a leader in sport intelligence and technology and is offering an exciting opportunity to fill a Section Lead, Senior Data Analyst role until 31 December 2024.
This role will play a significant part in the ongoing execution of an organisation-wide road map and best practice approach to data analytics ensuring NSWIS develops an international reputation as a progressive leader and provides our athletes with access to world class performance environments and services. This will include identifying ways of commercialising our sport intelligence capabilities via product development and industry partnerships.
Working closely with counterparts from the AIS and broader national high performance system to ensure NSWIS is aligned and integrated with the system, able to leverage its capability and resources, and develop a sustainable operating model.
This is a full-time position with an immediate start, offering a salary range $126,511 – $138,371, plus superannuation, which will be negotiable based on the successful candidates.
This is an identified position requiring a Working with Children and Police Check.
For further information about the role and the key accountabilities please see the .


About you
You will have:
You are a dynamic leader who has turned a passion for data and technology innovation into a career that has given you:
Demonstrated experience leading a team of data science/analytics experts where you have developed the capability of the team and driven the development and implementation of strategies and projects.
Led the development of systems to gather, manage and review information from a variety of sources, applied exploratory data analytics to detect trends, and built statistical models to make predictions and distil meaningful insights.
Deep understanding of high performance sport (Olympic & Paralympic sport is desirable).
Ability to frame business/organisational problems into mathematical models, develop analytics-based solutions, and present actionable recommendations to key stakeholders.
Possess a balance of analytical problem solving, and strong interpersonal, and relationship development skills.
Remain curious of and acquire new knowledge and skills (coaching the team to promote capability development).
Essential requirements
University-level qualifications in one of the following areas: Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or similar.
Fluent programming skills in: R and SQL (Python is a plus).
5-10 years experience working in a high performing inter-disciplinary environment in data analytics or sport intelligence.
Technical knowledge and understanding of how technology can enhance athlete and organisational performance.
Experience in project management and strategy development in a similar-sized organisation
Exposure to embedded systems and machine learning.
Experience in leading the technical capability development of a team.
Microsoft SQL Database experience including SQL scripting.
Level 1 & 2 Sport Integrity Australia (Anti-Doping Certificate)
Sport Integrity Australia – Anti-Doping Fundamentals and annual update 2022.
Sport Integrity Australia – PBTR – Child Protection and Safeguarding
Current driver’s license
Applying for the role
To apply for this role please submit:
A cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements and focus capabilities in the for the role (maximum 1 page)
An up-to-date CV outlining experience, qualifications and achievements (please include at least two referees)
A response to the pre-screening questions
In no more than two pages please answer the below questions:
Provide a recent example of where you have utilised data science techniques to successfully inform organisational decision making. Please describe the problem, your data sources, and your approach. (You can provide code snippets to supplement your answer).
Describe a recent example where you worked in a R environment. Specify techniques and libraries utilised, why you used them, how you enabled collaboration in the project and how environment replication was conducted.
If you would like to enquire about the role please contact Kirsten Thomson, Director Corporate & Communications via 02 9763 0222.
To apply complete your application via the iworkforNSW by midnight Sunday 22 May 2022. Only those applications that address the selection criteria and focus capabilities will be considered by the Selection Panel.


This recruitment may be used to create a Talent Pool for similar future roles that may arise over the next 18 months.
For more information about the NSW Institute of Sport please visit www.nswis.com.au.
The NSW Institute of Sport encourages all applicants who can be safely vaccinated for COVID 19, to be so. Candidates unable to receive the COVID-19 vaccination due to a medical condition may be requested to provide an NSW Health COVID-19 Vaccine Medical Contraindication form completed by a medical practitioner.

Commitment to Diversity
The NSW Institute of Sport is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce which reflects our community, sport partners and athletes. We encourage applications from suitable candidates including; of all ages, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, veterans, refugees, LGBTIQ+ community and people with disability."
23,23,"· Bachelor’s Degree · 2+ years of relevant professional experience · Excel skills (Pivot Tables, VLookups) · Experience working a queue of requests and meeting SLAs
Job summary Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 100 fully featured services to millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure. Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust. The AWS RI Team is in need of a driven, analytical, and process-oriented individual to own the creation and processing of EC2 Reserved Instance transaction requests. We're looking for a motivated self-starter who is excited to escalate systemic issues, identify opportunities for improvement, has experience meeting strict SLAs, is comfortable working from a ticket queue, and has a passion for accuracy. Candidate must have English and Korean language skills (oral and written). Key Responsibilities · Process Reserved Instance purchases and modifications · Occasionally act as escalation point for Reserved Instance requests and issues · Quickly establish root causes and communicate appropriately to internal stakeholders · Vocally self-critical to allow for self-correction of errors · Communicate effectively across all related channels to ensure transparency of process · Occasionally retrieve and evaluate data using Excel and other data management/BI systems Mandatory Requirement: • Strong verbal and written communication skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. • Strong data presentation skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. This job is not eligible for immigration sponsorship.

Functional experience with quantitative, analytical and organizational skills


Attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills


Existing knowledge of AWS Reserved Instances and tooling


Effective verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams


Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects


Highly organized, excellent multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
24,24,"Are you a data entry professional and up for a new challenge? Are you a motivated and enthusiastic individual who is ready to grow their skills? If you said yes to both, you should consider joining us at Canstar!

A rare opportunity has opened up with the Canstar Product Data team and we are looking for a Data Analyst to join us! As a Data Analyst, you are tasked with maintaining, updating and quality controlling the Canstar database which is used by the majority of Australia’s major financial institutions in both the banking, wealth, insurance, telco and energy sectors.

Who is Canstar

Canstar is a leading research agency and Australia’s biggest financial comparison site, comparing more brands than any other. Our purpose is to simplify the world of finance and help consumers confidently find the right product for them. We’ve been working hard on this for some time. In fact, we were one of the original comparison services in Australia having started up in 1992 as a privately-owned financial research agency. Today, we are one of Australia’s fastest growing digital businesses, with 1 in 6 Australians visiting our site each year, and 2 in 3 people recognising the Canstar logo.

We employ more than 150 staff with a diverse range of educational and professional backgrounds. We take pride in the cultural and gender diversity of our staff and our ability to offer our people the opportunity to grow and develop their skills as the company grows too.

What Canstar offers

Supportive and flexible working environment
Birthday leave
Free breakfast and fresh fruit
Employee Assistance Program
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Fun social club and company culture
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
What you will be doing

Maintaining and updating the Canstar database in accordance with assigned product areas within Wealth
Evaluating procedures and policies in regards to the CANSTAR database, with responsibility for maintaining product sectors
Assisting Research Analysts with ensuring databases sufficiently capture market changes and suggest improvements
Contributing actively in all Star Ratings meetings and actions, including instigating and chasing Star Ratings audits to meet deadlines
What you need to bring to the role

Experience within a data entry role
Exceptional attention to detail and a common-sense approach
Solid experience using Microsoft Excel
Experience utilising G Suite/Google Workspace
Ability to work both closely with others and independently as required
Strong interpersonal skills to build both internal and external relationships
What will give you the extra edge

Sound knowledge of Banking, General Insurance, Energy and/or Telco products
Basic SQL knowledge
Ability to adapt to a constantly changing market
How Can You Join The Team

If this sounds like you, and you are up for a fresh challenge with a great company, apply now!

Recruitment Agencies: We politely ask that you refrain from contacting our People & Culture team or hiring managers directly. Canstar does not accept any unsolicited referrals from recruitment or job placement agencies.Supportive and flexible working environment, Health & wellbeing program of benefits, Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you"
25,25,"Do you enjoy complex problem solving and have an interest in understanding how a global financial services group operates? Are you curious and like to be challenged whilst learning new skills?
Join a high-calibre, collaborative workplace within Liquidity Risk in Macquarie’s Group Treasury division. This is a unique opportunity which will necessitate you to think broadly, be forward-thinking and proactive, and consider how domestic and international regulatory changes and other internal and external factors will shape Macquarie's business activities.
We are looking for an Executive level to join Liquidity Risk. The team is responsible for developing internal liquidity frameworks, interpreting regulatory liquidity requirements, and monitoring compliance. Within this role, you will be involved in, but not limited to:
Developing the internal liquidity policy and framework across the Macquarie Group, including regional liquidity management and monitoring
Interpreting and updating liquidity assumptions and treatments
Regulatory interpretation – APS210 and Basel framework in particular
Advising senior management and business units on implications of internal and regulatory liquidity frameworks
Liquidity scenarios and stress testing
Stakeholder management and senior management reporting
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
Outstanding academic background in a financial or quantitative degree, e.g. actuarial, accounting, economics, engineering, mathematics
Strong numerical and analytical skills, coupled with an ability to understand and succinctly explain complex data sets and concepts
Clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
You will be confident in interacting with stakeholders and resolving competing priorities
A high level of attention to detail and commercial acumen
The following experience will be viewed favourably:
Previous experience within a Treasury function with exposure to liquidity risk or similar
Knowledge of the banking sector and regulatory environment
Understanding of accounting concepts and principles including profit and loss and balance sheet analysis
This role will give you exposure to senior stakeholders and the broader Group Treasury team, including the Liquidity / Markets team responsible for managing short-term liquidity and Funding team who manage and execute long-term debt issuance, banking relationships and funds transfer pricing.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-960097
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Recruiter: Fred Howe
Opening Date: 21/2/2022"
26,26,"At WesTrac, we’re made for more of what matters most. More family time, with paid parental leave, flexible working arrangements and purchased leave programs to give you the work life balance you’ve always wanted. More development opportunities, with in house RTO’s, access to your own guided learning platform and a range of pathways to help you steer your career in the direction of your dreams. More diversity, with over 4,000 team members with a tonne of differences, united by our passion for building a better tomorrow. As an industry leader and employer of choice, we’re Made for More.


About the role
Do you love a challenge? Our Inventory crew are currently seeking an Inventory Analyst to join our team at Tomago. With strong analytical skills, this position will see you responsible for working collaboratively amongst several internal departments to identify key areas of improvement based on inventory data. Our ideal candidate will be able to multitask as they review recommendations, parts consumption, plan and place coverage orders, manage and approve internal inventory requests and support inventory health overall.
Key Responsibilities
Planning Inventory to support business requirements and overall business health
Working with available data sources CAT (CCPA), DBS, PIC and Parts viz ensuring that customers are supported and business requirements are met.
Supporting the arrival schedule and logistics involved to deliver equipment across the branch network
Work with CAT systems to allow for inventory arrival to planned events.
Ad-hoc reporting.
Complying with WesTrac's safety policies and procedures
Skills & Experience
Proven experience in inventory management and inventory analytical skills
Excellent organisation, planning and time management skills
Ability to use Microsoft Office programs, with advanced Excel skills
Sound written and verbal communication Skills
Self-motivated with ability to take the initiative
Caterpillar experience will be highly regarded
Understanding and experience in PowerBi would be beneficial
What's on offer?
Monday to Friday roster
Flexible work agreements
Fitness Passport for the whole family
Purchased leave program
Income protection covering you 24 hours a day
Free onsite parking
Salary packaging available
Opportunities for training and continued development
Discounts through our corporate partners


Apply Now
If you believe you have the skills and experience to succeed in this role, please submit your cover letter and resume for consideration via the link.
For further information regarding this role, please contact our Recruitment team on 1300 797 028 and reference job number 882682.
Successful applicants will be required to complete a satisfactory National Criminal History Check as part of the recruitment process.
At WesTrac, our primary focus is our people. As we look to the future, we’re focused on harnessing the best talent and providing them with the support they need to achieve success. WesTrac is a member of the Diversity Council of Australia and recognise the value of and strongly support the principles of equal employment opportunities in the workplace and are committed to continue to build our workplace culture."
27,27,"About the role
We have an exciting opportunity for a high performing Business Analyst who will play an important role in our business by ensuring that our team has access to insights including how we can become more efficient and effective in delivering our products and services and making an impact for the community.
This role sits within the Business Services Team and will work closely with the Salesforce and Digital Leads and the Research team who will structure the evaluation for our impact.
The role is responsible for ensuring data is used to provide quality reporting internally to identify business improvements and delivery of internal KPIs. It will also undertake external reporting focusing on the impact that we have for the community.
The role is full time 1.0 FTE.


About you
Our ideal candidate has 3+ years experience in extracting, analysing, interpreting and presenting customer data from Websites, CRM and other Digital Marketing Channels.
You are an experienced Business analyst with a mature outlook, strong analytical skills and problem solving ability. You have a natural curiosity and a flair for developing reports and preparing information from both internal and external data sources to support business decisions.
What you need:
(Please review full position description before applying)
A deep understanding of process and performance optimisation
Strong analytical skills, natural curiosity and problem solving ability
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with diverse groups
Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Willingness and enthusiasm to know and understand our business
Location
Melbourne (Box Hill)
How to apply
Please upload your cover letter and CV followed by answering the key selection criteria questions
To view the full Position Description click here.
We will be shortlisting immediately so please do not hesitate to apply ASAP if you think you may be a suitable applicant for this role.



People living with disability are encouraged to apply. Lived Experience is valued by our organisation and looked upon favourably.
Summer Foundation is an equal opportunity employer, we know that strength comes with diversity and encourage applicants from a diverse range of backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability."
28,28,"About us:
We’re known for being the country’s most popular rewards program, making the everyday worth more for millions of Aussies.
All the things that make working at Flybuys different as usual – these aren't just values we talk about. They’re built into everything we do, every day.
Be part of a company that's always questioned the norm. A business that's well-established, but still expanding. With one eye on the horizon.
And together we can make every day* different as usual.*
The opportunity:
We've already built a pretty amazing team, but we're not looking for more of the same. Our day-to-day is made stronger when we surround ourselves with people who are different, like you.
We work really hard to build teams that support each other. It’s the kind of environment you’ll miss while you’re on holidays.
What you'll be doing:
Capability Development:
Develop key customer insights and recommendations to drive member engagement with Flybuys rewards investment analytics strategy and marketing investment.
Build out bespoke dashboards to provide analysis on the reward store performance.
Work with multiple large data sets, to conduct analysis for our internal teams and partners.
Promote the use of analytics by translating complex mathematical techniques into useful and commercial concepts, with a focus on promoting the value of the flybuys program.
Analytics Strategy and Planning:
Participate in the development of the vision for rewards & redemption data / analytics architecture.
Proactively investigate opportunities in order to create measurable change and deliver measurable value in the rewards space .
Responsible for implementing commercial partner analytical strategy .
Understand market context, competitor capability and customer trends to support CRM / analytics strategies .
Apply analytics best practices and/or standards.
Thought Leadership & Innovation
Socialise analytics trends and best practices .
Source, develop and apply new and existing analytical methods and techniques.
Use of a variety of sources to keep abreast of industry practices.
Ensure key stakeholders are updated, ensuring the commercial impact has been explored / communicated.
Mentor and develop other members of the team to further their understanding and use of analytical techniques.
Stakeholder Management
Cultivate relationships across internal teams and with the partners, at all levels as required.
Clearly articulate the customer opportunity, commercial benefit, analytical findings.
Explain complex analysis to non-technical audience .
Tell and sell the story to stakeholders, visualise and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that provides insights.
To be successful you will have:
Tertiary Qualified in Business, Mathematics or Science discipline.
Analytics professional with a proven track record.
Amazing storytelling skills and the ability to influence and navigate internal and external organisations to build and leverage relationships.
A background in retail would be advantageous.
Experience in clearly articulating commercial benefits of analytics.
Naturally collaborative with a strong emphasis on building and leveraging relationships both internally and externally.
Experience of large, complex data sets
Naturally curious, able to positively challenge existing practices.
Commercially savvy.
Experience of analytical tools – data extraction, data exploration and analysis, data visualisation.
Experience of working within large, complex, cross functional projects
Technical skills including SQL and Power BI/Tableau experience
Experience with Snowflake, Python or R would be advantageous.
We value ways of working that work for everyone, and use our different strengths to make us stronger. We work hard to make sure everyone’s voice is heard and respected equally, regardless of identity, background, position, ability or lifestyle.
So whether you’re an earlybird list maker, a night owl coder, a brainstorm chaser or a PowerPoint proof-reader, we want you to Be You, With Us.
To ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employees and the community in which we operate, Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) has introduced a Vaccination Policy which requires all persons entering a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) workplace, attending a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) work-related event, or entering other premises to undertake work on Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific)’s behalf to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or to hold a valid exemption (and to provide evidence of the same).
It is also a condition of employment that successful applicants provide evidence of compliance with Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) Vaccination Policy and to undergo a National Police Check.
Video
Job Type: Full-time"
29,29,"Role:
The purpose of this position is to ensure that the Company follows the government regulations and company policies applicable to the financial services that the company provides in Australia and the APAC region. The person will keep the company abreast of new and upcoming regulatory developments; to produce reports required by law and regulation; to conduct the activities required in compliance with the regulatory requirements of the relevant jurisdictions within the APAC region; and identify corrective/preventive actions to mitigate potential or actual non-compliance risks, ensuring a world-class operational/customer focused capabilities and regulatory compliance. Update compliance programs, develop and implement policies and procedures necessary to ensure dissemination of knowledge of current and upcoming regulations concerning the Company’s present business offerings and services as well as upcoming products and services. Manage daily AML tasks of sanctions screening, ongoing customer due diligence, new account onboarding, investigations and other adhoc tasks. Take a portfolio view of CORPAY customer base and ensure that CORPAY complies with regulatory requirements associated with various legislation in particularly anti-money laundering legislation. Participate in projects as directed by the APAC Compliance Manager and APAC Compliance Director and collaborate with global and other regional stakeholders within the CORPAY group.

Responsibility: General:

Execute directives from the APAC Compliance Manager / Director.
Maintain current knowledge of relevant global, regional and local government regulatory and corporate governance standards.
Primary:

Manage cases related to transaction monitoring, internal investigations, ongoing customer due diligence and New client accounts.
Working with other team members to ensure that products, policies and practice are compliant with law and regulation throughout region.
Assist in maintaining a robust compliance framework to track, monitor and report compliance related KPIs
Conduct compliance monitoring activities across all regulatory obligations relevant to Corpay.
Renew and maintain all relevant regulatory licenses across the region.
Assess the requirements associated with licensing obligations in existing and new markets within Asia Pacific.
Assess the requirements associated with licensing obligations in existing and new markets within Asia Pacific.
Draft, develop and implement policies and procedures for department and roll out the required changes to the affected functional areas.
Provide compliance expertise and advice.
Conduct due diligence and compliance assessment of integrated partnership / API clients.
Participate in projects and attend project meetings.
Conduct monitoring of sales practices to ensure they are compliant with pertinent regulations and ensure that the regulatory risks are mitigated.
Improve the compliance awareness and culture. Other duties as assigned
Support:

Implement, maintain and perform testing on company Key Performance and Risk Indicators and update as necessary
Compile results of compliance testing and monitoring activities for reporting, insight and intelligence.
Analyze data and information and provide insight to APAC Compliance Manager and APAC Compliance Director.
Assess the impact of legislative changes to the business and ensure the relevant business units are fully informed.
Training:

Provide training of all staff of internal compliance policies and processes.
Track and direct internal training programs, to ensure the regulatory requirements are met.
Authority:

Authority to prepare and report on behalf of CORPAY regulatory reports including AML reports.
Accountability:

Reports to regional APAC Regional Compliance Director and is part of the Compliance department within the Asia Pacific region.
Experience/ Requirements:

Driven, proactive and take the initiative to fulfil the work duties and responsibilities.
Ability to assess business and compliance outcomes to support the delivery of an effective compliance monitoring program and review current compliance controls in place.
AML and regulatory compliance experiences within the financial services industry.
3-5+ years’ experience in a compliance role and adept at liaising with senior managers and stakeholders within the business.
Highly adaptable and responsive in a highly dynamic and fast paced environment.
Excellent time management, organizational, written and communication skills.
Attention to detail, persistence and original thought.
An excellent team player and work with the regional and global teams to contribute to the betterment of CORPAY and the Compliance organization.
Exposure to Asia Pacific regulators is a must.
Legal qualification is highly regarded but not essential.
Work Health & Safety

Maintain the safe and healthy conduct of anyone under your care (including visitors and contractors)
Set an example to other employees by actively demonstrating and promoting safe work methods
Ensure that the working conditions under your control are safe and that potential safety concerns/issues are promptly acted upon
Advise your manager if you believe you are unable to meet your obligations for WHS due to time or resources restrictions
Support your Manager and your staff to meet their obligations under the Work Health Safety Policy
#LI-VU1
#INDINT

About the Company:
FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. (“FLEETCOR”) is a leading global provider of business payment solutions. We help companies of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. We serve businesses, partners, merchants, consumers and payment networks in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.

$2.4B Annual Revenue
600,000 Directly Served Business Clients
2.6B+ Transactions per Year
8,400+ Employees
(as of December 31, 2020)

Our payment solutions provide our customers with a payment method designed to be superior to and more robust and effective than what they use currently, whether they use a competitor’s product or another alternative method such as cash or check. We group our payment solutions into five primary categories: Fuel, Lodging, Tolls, Corporate Payments and Gift. Each category is unique in its focus, customer base and target markets, but they also share a number of characteristics: customers are primarily businesses, have recurring revenue models, have specialized networks which create barriers to entry, have high margins, and have similar selling systems.

FLEETCOR enjoys global recognition including:

Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and Statista
Forbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row!
Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, ranking #872
S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value)
Our Vision

Despite many advances in our industry, the majority of business payments are still made with outdated and inferior payment methods, such as checks and cash. We envision a business world where every purchase is controlled, every payment is digital, and every payment-related decision is well-informed. In this future paperless state, payments will require little to no time to manage, leaving companies with more time for what matters most: activities that grow their businesses.

Our Mission

FLEETCOR’s mission is to provide businesses with a better way to pay, by replacing outdated payment methods such as checks and cash, and displacing the incumbent providers of those methods. Through the digitalization of payments, we create and support robust ecosystems which benefit all participating constituents: payment-making customers, payment-accepting merchants, tax-collecting governments, and FLEETCOR.

Our Strategy

FLEETCOR is a growth company, and we employ a simple three-prong strategy for growing our business:

More Customers. We invest more than $200 million per year in sales and marketing, predominately focused on new customer acquisition. We continue to scale existing sales channels and headcount, enable our sales people with demand generation and other tools, and launch new distribution channels both internally and through partners such as ERP software providers, telematics companies, and banks. We will also grow our customer base inorganically through acquisitions.
More Spend. We seek to leverage our existing customer relationships and capture greater share of their business payment expenditures. As such, we have developed various “beyond” initiatives, where we extend the utility of an existing payment product without degrading the core value proposition of the original product. As such, a customer can “buy more stuff” without sacrificing the controls and reporting which attracted the customer to our product to begin with. For example:
Our Fuel card customers can enable their cards to allow non-fuel purchases relevant to their business, like allowing a painting crew to buy supplies at a home improvement store, so they can finish the paint job.
Our Toll tag customers can use their in-vehicle RFID tags to make other “on the go” purchases like parking, fuel and fast-food.
For our customers, these product extensions reduce payment friction, saving them time and operational headaches. For FLEETCOR, these product extensions can increase our share of wallet with existing customers and can increase our products’ appeal and applicability to previously-unserved customer segments (e.g., non-toll urban dwellers). We also create new product offerings, developed internally or in conjunction with partners, to cross-sell to our existing customer base.

More Geographies. We continue to seek attractive entry opportunities in major international markets, which we intend to pursue through acquisitions and partnerships.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equality, Inclusion, Belonging

Together we can foster true belonging. We know different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds lead to better innovation and results. We are therefore committed to building and nurturing a culture of diversity, inclusion, and belonging by:

Welcoming people of different backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations;
Empowering our people to share their experiences and ideas through open forums and individual conversations; and
Valuing each person’s unique perspectives and individual contributions.
Embracing diversity enables our people to “make the difference” at FLEETCOR.

Our Values

FLEETCOR’s culture reflects our history of fast growth and our continued drive for results. Our entrepreneurial spirit remains strong across our global workforce, and we reinforce these principles in our five core values:

Innovation: Figure out a better way
Execution: Get it done quickly
Integrity: Do the right thing
People: We make the difference
Collaboration: Accomplish more together
These values guide all of our employees and are infused in all aspects of our Company. We are, as a team, united through these shared values and our mission to provide “a better way to pay.”

Our values foster an inclusive culture through the expectation that all employees will treat each other with respect and appreciate the diversity of identities, thoughts, backgrounds and styles. Our commitment to fostering an inclusive culture has never been more essential than in this moment of national reflection. We must always celebrate the diversity of our company and our communities.

We strongly believe that the quality and diversity of our workforce provide FLEETCOR with a competitive advantage, and that our problem-solving and solution-building efforts are greatly enhanced when we harness the collective thinking of a diverse group of people with unique experiences and perspectives.

FLEETCOR’s COVID-19 Hiring Guidelines:
Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are temporarily working from home. In addition, FLEETCOR implemented a virtual interviewing and hiring process, engaging with talent by phone or video and onboarding new employees remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer:
FLEETCOR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. FLEETCOR provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, gender (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, language, ancestry, genetic information, veteran and/or military status or any other group status protected by federal or local law. If you require reasonable accommodation for the application and/or interview process, please notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.

For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay Transparency."
30,30,"Company Description

Openmarkets Group (OMG) is accelerating access to wealth creation. We’re a trading and wealth management fintech, providing a full suite of technologies and infrastructure to industry professionals, and connecting consumers with investment and advice.
We’re a company forged in mergers and united by a desire to create a wealthier Australia. If you, too, love cutting through red tape, empowering others and pushing boundaries to accelerate access to wealth creation, this exciting opportunity to join OMG might be the one for you.
We are:
Radical - we open markets
Uplifting - we empower others
Bold - we push boundaries
As a tech company, we're fortunate to be able to adapt to the rapidly changing conditions in the world around us, and this role is key to support an ongoing period of sustained growth.


Job Description

This role supports the management and monitoring of the Group's enterprise risks and compliance program, with specific tactical risk management responsibilities as well as setting the risk framework for the business lines to operate to and manage risk. This role will support a strong risk and compliance culture that embodies the Groups' ethics and integrity, balancing commercial and customer needs against the broader risk appetite of the Group.
Key accountabilities:
Operational / Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management
Work as part of the Group's first line risk team to ensure that the Group's business operations and compliance practices align to the frameworks, policies, strategy, regulatory obligations and appetite of the Group.
Support the Head of Compliance to deliver the annual Risk Management Program of Work and related risk framework development activities and help promote the Group's overall risk management maturity capabilities and competencies.
Actively support the business lines to help identify, monitor, measure and manage its operational risks and key compliance controls.
Support the business to drive a strong risk and compliance culture and awareness in day-to-day business decisions and business strategic initiatives.
Support the compliance program with compliance projects, Initiatives and Committee reporting as needed.
Assist business in directly managing tier 1 risk matters including capital and liquidity monitoring.
Internal Controls / Risk Identification & Assessment / Reporting
Help design and deliver across the business a consistent approach to documenting key controls, as well as providing guidance on the regular assessment of design / operating effectiveness.
Support the identification and assessment of key enterprise risks, including new and emerging risks, on a regular basis.
Support the development and production of comprehensive enterprise risk management reports for management and Board / Board Sub Committee review.
Incident Root Cause Assessment / Response / Rectification
Help incident owners to determine root-cause factors as well as monitoring responding actions and rectification steps to completion.
Key Stakeholder Partnerships
This role will have key interactions within the Group on a regular basis. This includes:
Head of Compliance, Compliance & Risk Analysts and Trade Surveillance Analysts
Heads of Business (including Operations, Trading, Technology)
Group Financial Controller and CFO
Operational Risk & Compliance (ORC) Committee members
Audit, Risk & Compliance (ARC) Committee members
as well as external stakeholders including regulators and other business partners as required.
Attributes / Competencies
Ideally candidates will need to possess core capabilities and competencies to help them succeed in this role, such as:
Relationship building and teamwork oriented.
Proactive, organised and outcomes focused.
Logical, methodical, but able to think laterally.
Data-oriented, with strong analytical skills
Ability to achieve objectives in a changing environment.
Refined Influencing and Negotiating skills.
Strong attention to detail, quality assurance focussed.
Refined communication skills (written, verbal).


Qualifications

Strong preference will be given to candidates that can demonstrate working experience in aligned roles, along with relevant qualifications including:
Risk Management and/or Compliance Experience.
Financial markets, equities or stockbroking experience.
Relevant industry qualifications ideal (risk, compliance or business-related).
Experience in planning, coordination, and reporting activities.
Comfortable with senior management / executive management engagement and communication.
If you’re a self-starting team player who thrives in a fast-moving environment and you’re willing to take responsibility and challenge convention, then OMG it’s time we met.
In return, we’ll provide autonomy with support, and the opportunity to make an impact from day one.

Additional Information

What do we offer?
Work flex: We offer the flexibility required to achieve balance and do great work, and focus on outputs over hours
Generous leave: Competitive parental leave policy, vaccination leave, birthday and volunteering leave and more…
Wellbeing support: Ongoing wellness initiatives, meeting free time, EAP support
Regular and varied socials: We take the time to connect and celebrate
Learning & development: We invest in your learning and development - your growth matters to us
Competitive remuneration: Market leading salary, bonus structure and equity incentive plan
Thriving culture: We live and breathe our values in a transparent, fast paced, and supportive environment. But don't take our word for it; ask us more!
OMG is committed to a diverse and representative team and supports an inclusive work environment. We're interested in your skills, experience and who you are as a human. We're open about the work we do and the projects we're working on and can't wait to learn more about you!"
31,31,"About the job
Jumbo Interactive is seeking a proactive, self-driven Senior BI Analyst / Data Analyst with recent experience of having worked in an Ecommerce / B2C environment.
As Senior BI / Data Analyst you will:
Analyse large volumes of complex data to produce insights that can improve business performance
Help identify stakeholder requirements and develop insightful dashboards and reports to support business decisions and provide customer insights
Identify and adopt best practices and work with local teams to solve complex problems in a data- driven manner
Use your strong analytical skills and business acumen in order to support leadership in influencing critical business decisions
Put customer experience at the forefront of your thinking
The scope of your role will be diverse, from ad-hoc pieces of analysis, to ensuring timely regular reporting, enhancing existing reporting pipelines, and working on long-term strategic projects to enhance the BI & Analytics capability in Jumbo.
About You
5+ years of relevant in Business Intelligence / Analytics, in a ecommerce/B2C environment
Advanced SQL and Excel skills, and familiarity with data visualisation tools (eg. Looker)
Be able to analyse Big Data and build data pipelines and solve complex deep dive questions
Be commercially savvy and able to tie data / insights back to business and customer context
Have the ability to monitor and analyse metrics and provide recommendations and guidelines
High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously
Support cross-functional teams on day-to-day execution and support ad-hoc requests
Be motivated to learn Jumbo processes and work with customer data
Be able to perform in-depth analysis to identify root case
Be comfortable working on data modeling/aggregation
About Us
Jumbo Interactive (ASX: JIN) is a leading digital retailer of official government and charitable lotteries. We utilise the latest technology to craft an engaging and entertaining purchase experience for our customers across a range of digital platforms."
32,32,"An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Power BI Developer to join our commercial property team in Sydney.
The successful candidate will be responsible for driving the strategy, delivery and management of core enterprise systems, enabling scalability to support business growth and enhance decision making.


The Role


Lead the design, develop and delivery of customer and business intelligence applications, enhancements and new functionality as part of the Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) framework
Conduct testing and quality assurance
Develop and implement automation test cases
Validation of user requirements and technical designs to ensure alignment with the organisation’s architectural strategies.
Deliver Level 3 support or other technical support issues as required
Ensure all documentation (e.g. requirements, design, testing, operations, interface, user guide, etc.) is developed & maintained
Ad-hoc analysis of data where required
Work alongside Data analysts, Primary Research consultants and asset management to deliver solutions that cross multiple disciplines


About You
Computer Science Degree (or similar) or Commerce Degree (or similar)
Development and delivery roles with data and analytics related technologies
Proven track record in delivery with diverse stakeholders and datasets
Exposure to aspects of Agile ways of working (Kanban, sprints, user stories, etc.)
Ability to design engaging and focused data visualisations in data visualisation platform
Experience with Power BI, DAX and Power Query is strongly preferred
Understanding business requirements and develop dashboards and reports in data visualisation platform
Delivery of requirements and dashboards to deadline and within budget
Good understanding of SQL (PosgreSQL preferred), multi-dimensional modelling and data warehouses
Exposure to cloud platforms like Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform
Bachelor and/or Post Graduate qualifications in a related field


The Stockland Proposition


At Stockland we are a community delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
We recognise the importance of flexibility and work life-quality and over 80% of our employees have informal or formal flexible work arrangements. Additionally, Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds and we want our teams to reflect this.
We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Apply today – Stockland – it's your place.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel to careers@stockland.com.au"
33,33,"Date: 13-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 18815


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
What will your typical day look like?

The Business Analyst (BA) is responsible for undertaking the business analysis activities within a stream of work, across programs/projects within the Project Management Office (PMO), for Deloitte’s Information Technology Services (ITS). As a BA you will work to ensure completion of project deliverables to agreed schedule and quality, including:

Requirements elicitation and documentation activities to ensure requirements are articulated at required level of detail for project implementation (functional specifications, requirements traceability matrix, use cases)

Current & future state process analysis and mapping (ideally utilising BPMN standards)

Working to a business analysis work plan for relevant components of work, in alignment with our internal Business Analysis Centre of Excellence (BA CoE) and project scope

Preparation and pro-active facilitation of business analysis workshops to meet workshop objectives

Preparation and facilitation of user acceptance testing (UAT) to ensure an effective delivery to our end users

Working both independently and with the support of other Business Analysts, you will consistently be ensuring necessary deliverables meet stakeholders’ expectations, and be an active member of a cross-functional environment. You will be exposed to areas concerning conflict resolution, gap analysis and prioritisation while also helping drive decisions and manage ambiguity.
Over time you will develop effective working relationships with project team members & senior stakeholders in ITS, other business units and external parties (such as vendors) where required. You will be working to manage stakeholder expectations relating to business requirements and help assist in influencing project outcomes. The role will see you leverage both waterfall and agile project delivery methodologies as required by the project in-hand.

You will demonstrate the ability to work autonomously while helping to foster a team culture that is adaptable to changing needs and supports all our team members.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You have proven experience working on enterprise level projects to provide business analysis services (minimum 2 years as a Business Analyst). You also have proven ability to manage competing priorities within tight timeframes and operate in a rapidly changing environment. You will also display a demonstrated flexibility in approach and attitude. You’ll also have the following:

Proven experience analysing processes and process mapping complex business processes to industry best practices

Strong understanding of technology and business systems at a strategic and operational level including data flow models and system integrations (on-prem or cloud)

Ability to absorb large amounts of new information and quickly understand concepts for the purpose of capturing requirements and project objectives

A critical mindset with a questioning attitude that will allow you to think beyond the initial information you are provided with and leave no stone unturned.

Desired:
IIBA CCBA certification

Experience in a Professional Services firm and an understanding, or willingness to learn, about Professional Services Firm

Demonstrated experience working end-to-end throughout the project lifecycle in a BA capacity

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. ]"
34,34,"Who is Equifax?


Equifax is a leading global data, analytic and technology company, supporting customers across 24 countries. We have been serving the Australian and New Zealand markets for over 60 years. Through continuously adapting to our environment, not only have we remained a market leader, we drive and challenge ourselves to do better to help our customers live their financial best.
Our people are what makes us great at what we do - we see every member of our team as an integral piece of a jigsaw. We celebrate differences and recognize that each person brings with them unique talents and perspectives. We provide our people the support and flexibility to manage their work-life
balance. At Equifax we genuinely care about our people and our ability to come together as #OneEquifax.


The perks of being an Equifax employee within the Data & Analytics team?


There are lots of perks of being an Equifax employee – we offer additional leave days as we recognize the importance of taking time out, whether that’s to catch up on some rest, celebrate a birthday, or give
back to our community by volunteering. We are committed to the wellbeing of our people and provide them with discounted health cover through BUPA, access to comprehensive hearing services and discounts, and offer 24/7 support through our employee assistance program. Our leadership team
fosters a culture of ownership, they will lead, coach, mentor and listen. We support one another to feel confident to speak up and hold each other accountable to work with integrity.
Our success is our people, for we are truly united by our purpose and are encouraged and challenged every day to bring new ideas to help our customers make more informed decisions. Our outcomes focused culture encourages thought leadership and innovation to ensure our ongoing success.
We are supportive and revel in working together on exciting projects. We see ourselves making an impact by utilizing cutting edge/statistical modelling tools across hundreds of rich data assets and collaborating with some of the best data minds in Australia. Working within our diverse D&A team will provide you opportunities to gain exposure across all phases of the D&A lifecycle and work with some of our largest blue-chip customers.


What you’ll do:


As a Credit Ratings Analyst, you will be required to research, perform credit risk analysis, provide detailed commentary, share insights and draw conclusions in the form of a detailed credit report. This will include financial statement/economic/industry analysis, benchmarking and modelling.
The Credit Rating Analyst is also responsible for complying with Divisional policies and procedures and presenting a professional image to clients and the broader business market.


This role is either Sydney or Brisbane based.


What are we looking for?

Tertiary qualifications in Accounting or Commerce
Qualification in CA/CPA/CFA highly regarded
A minimum of 1 year experience in accounting/finance ( local experience is must)
Experienced in communicating with clients directly
Ability to interpret financial statements and identify key risks/drivers of companies & industries
Ability to think beyond the ratios and apply knowledge in a holistic way
Must comply with all applicable policies, principals and organizational requirements


Extra points for any of the following:

Previous experience in accounting firms/global background agencies/Big 4s (Audit)
Capable of working in a fast-paced environment and the ability to be comfortable with change
Strong communication skills with good interpersonal relationship management skills


Success attributes of an Equifax employee; does this describe you?

Accountable
Brave
Curious
Collaborative
Individualist
Trustworthy
Dedicated


At Equifax, there is no such thing as the 'perfect candidate'


Seeing responsibilities and competencies laid out on paper can be confronting. At this stage of the application process, sometimes imposter syndrome can creep in and mess with our confidence. Please know, we list these items to give you an opportunity to show us your potential and how you can grow
and transform with us. Your ability to demonstrate that you possess/have the real potential to develop the required capabilities, knowledge, experience and qualifications to perform in our roles is what we would like to hear from you.
Where possible, you should support your claims with specific examples of what you have done and how you did it.
However, you identify, and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come to work every day!"
35,35,"You are a passionate data storyteller, eager to bring your analytical mindset to the table to identify key opportunities and provide actionable insights.
We are a values-driven team of analytical techsperts, who believe in the power of proof, supporting growth and getting excited over data storytelling.
Together we can lead the delivery of world-class data, analytics and technology capabilities to help build a brighter future for our customers and communities and really make a difference.
See yourself in our team


Our people are finding the answers to some of Australia’s biggest customer challenges. With rich data at your fingertips, join a team of expert problem solvers who aren’t afraid of the unfamiliar.
The Chief Data & Analytics Office (CDAO) team aspire to be the best analytics team in the world at engaging customers and delivering value for the organisation.
Check out what it like to work in the Data & Analytics team at CommBank.
On a day-to-day basis, you’ll:
Work collaboratively in cross-functional teams to develop direct communication initiatives that meet customer and business objectives
Proactively engage and work collaboratively with stakeholders by supplying customer insights and reports which enables them to determine optimal contact strategies
Assist in the discovery and exploration of new sources of data to improve understanding of product, channel and customer
Use data analysis coupled with your understanding of the customer and business to identify engagement and growth opportunities
Mentor junior team members to develop their analytical skill set and business/commercial acumen
Do work that matters


As a Senior Insights Analyst, you’ll use data insights to help the team drive a personalised and seamless service that delights customers across all channels.
You’ll become part of a customer’s journey by creating unique experiences for every individual interaction. Each communication requires data-driven segmentation, eligibility and contact channel selection to ensure every customer touchpoint is highly relevant and compelling.
We’re committed to your development, career growth and training – ensuring that you’re constantly evolving and being challenged in your career. This includes exclusive training and continuous learning through our Data & Analytics Academy – where you’re able to learn at your own pace all year round!
We’re interested in hearing from people who:
Please note that we’re interested in hearing from people who might not meet all the following criteria. We’re open to working with the right candidate to fill any skill gaps during your journey at CommBank.
Think creatively and problem solve using analytics to drive decision making
Possess excellent stakeholder management and engagement skills, including written & verbal communication
Have experience working in an agile environment.
Can design and develop a contact strategy and have technical delivery experience with the ability to articulate complex topics in common, non-technical terms
If this sounds like you then apply today!
At CommBank, we advocate and facilitate a culture of inclusion and respect, celebrating all cultures, abilities, genders, expressions of gender and sexual orientation Read more about our commitment to inclusion and diversity.
We believe in working for a place that works for you. We have many flexible working options within our team so talk to us about which arrangements would work best for you.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.

We’re committed to being an accessible employer and want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible. If you experience any accessibility issues or if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 31/05/2022"
36,36,"Overview
The role of Shareholder Analyst assists the wider Orient Capital team with compiling, processing and auditing data to perform a range of analysis tasks. Data will be received from numerous sources and will need to be effectively manipulated to produce the analysis for Client Relationship departments.
Key Accountabilities and Main Responsibilities
Analyse, produce, and deliver comprehensive reports in a timely fashion
Liaise with internal departments and external stakeholders to effectively gather shareholder intelligence to deliver quality services to clients
Deliver assigned tasks within time frame given
Produce documentation as directed by CRMs and BDMs
Quality delivery of assigned reporting
Identify areas of improvement to enhance the efficiency of the analysis team as a whole
Data entry and creation
Point of contact for wider business group in the absence of CRMs
Communicate daily with the team leader, analysis team members and client relations departments
Conduct tasks designed to improve the efficiency of the processes within the organisation
Provide services to clients on a contractual basis
Curtail the cost in the delivery of our services
Distribution of reporting to clients
Quickly and accurately assist external parties with feedback and enquiries
Assist other teams with projects and other ad hoc work
Experience & Personal Attributes
Degree in Finance or related major
Data entry experience within a professional team environment
Intermediate Microsoft Office skills in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Strong attention to detail
Strong time management skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask effectively
An understanding and interest in financial markets
Articulate with strong oral and written skills
Ability to establish relationships at all levels
Self-motivated


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


Our Corporate Markets division provides clients with a comprehensive corporate market offering that connects issuers to their stakeholders. Our uniquely integrated range of corporate markets capabilities includes shareholder management and analytics, stakeholder engagement, share and unit registry, and employee share plans. We also offer company secretarial support, as well as various specialist offerings such as insolvency solutions. We operate in twelve countries throughout Australasia, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, United Kingdom and Europe.
Our teams combine a wealth of industry experience with a rigorous focus on client management to deliver a premium service underpinned by market leading digital technology provided by our Technology division .
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
37,37,"About Infosys:

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.

Short Description:
Are you looking for a change? Do you want to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry? Are you ready to join a company whose passion is for business transformation and consulting that really make a difference to enterprises, the community and the world? Then you are the one that we are looking for to be part of our growing healthcare Domain Consulting Group.

Role :

As a Domain Consultant, you will be a key player in the consulting team that helps discover and define the problem statement, evaluates the solution options, and makes recommendations. You will create detailed design, architecture and process artifacts and implement the deployment plan. You will also support knowledge transfer with the objective of providing value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Own their respective subject matter tracks
Responsible for Functional Solution design
Ensure participation of third-party SMEs
Works closely with CLIENT Application Leads/Business Owner/ SME.
Analyze system functionality and identify gaps
Provide recommendations to existing systems.
Must have extensive Healthcare domain knowledge including claims domain, experience in
Australia health insurance mandatory
Interface with internal team spread globally to undertake onshore-specific activities of the project and enable offshore with required inputs for delivery
Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment
Ability to create Source to target mapping documents.
Ability to create reporting dashboard, define the KPIs, data profiling, data analyzing
Ability to create wireframes, prototypes, and conduct screen demos.
Analyzes the business needs, defines detailed requirements, and provides potential solutions/approaches with the business stakeholders
Strong experience and understanding of Agile Methodologies
Strong analytical, planning, organizational, time management and facilitation Skills
Strong understanding and experience of SDLC and documentation skills
Ensure timely responses to queries, data templates and questionnaire requests.
Clarify Scope & Objectives and translate conceptual user requirements into business
Requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developer’s/project team

Essential:

Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Number of years of experience may vary based on bachelor’s or Master’s Degree. Any additional education will be added advantage.
Overall, 12 + years of IT experience needed
At least 3 years of experience in capturing requirements related to internal/external consulting, documenting, and mapping current business process
At least 3 years of experience in creating requirement specifications based on Architecture/Design /Detailing of Processes
At least 3 years of experience as Data analyst, should have done data mapping and data profiling
At least 3 years of experience in Development/ Configuration/solutions evaluation/ Validation and deployment preferred
Good knowledge of PL/SQL, SQL or Relational databases
Experience and desire to work in a management consulting environment that requires regular travel
Proficiency in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, Outlook), Microsoft SQL Studio, JIRA

Additional Skills:

Excellent customer interfacing skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong attention to detail and outstanding analytical and Problem-solving skills.
Planning and Co-ordination skills
Experience with project management

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
At Infosys, we recognize that everyone has individual requirements. If you are a person with disability, illness or injury and require adjustments to the recruitment and selection process, please contact our Recruitment team for adjustment only on Infosys_ta@infosys.com or include your preferred method of communication in email and someone will be in touch.
Please note in order to protect the interest of all parties involved in the recruitment process, Infosys does not accept any unsolicited resumes from third party vendors. In the absence of a signed agreement any submission will be deemed as non-binding and Infosys explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire the submitted profile. All recruitment activity must be coordinated through the Talent Acquisition department."
38,38,"Cyient is a global engineering and technology solutions company. As a Design, Build, and Maintain partner for leading organizations worldwide, we take solution ownership across the value chain to help clients focus on their core, innovate, and stay ahead of the curve. We leverage digital technologies, advanced analytics capabilities, and our domain knowledge and technical expertise, to solve complex business problems.
With over 15,000 employees globally, we partner with clients to operate as part of their extended team in ways that best suit their organization’s culture and requirements. Our industry focus includes aerospace and defence, healthcare, telecommunications, rail transportation, semiconductor, geospatial, industrial, and energy.
Job Description
Knowledge of the Electrical domain. Experience in working with Smallworld technology, and should possess good GIS data analysis skills.

Skills & Experience
AM/FM ELECTRICAL, Data Maintenance, GE Smallworld GIS
Cyient is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Cyient recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We are proud to be a diverse and inclusive company where our people can focus their whole self on solving problems that matter."
39,39,"Outstanding culture
Close to Public transport
Alexandria location

At General Pants, we understand that work can be one of the biggest parts of people’s lives and we continue to build a team that has collaboration, transparency and professionalism at the heart of everything we do ensuring General Pants values, social initiatives and culture resonate with our evolution and constant growth.
We are building on our existing solid IT department, and we have an exciting opportunity for a solution focused and outside the square thinker to join the team as our new Reporting Analyst.
As the Reporting Analyst you will be responsible for the design, development, testing, optimisation and support of business intelligence, analysis and reporting solutions for the group, adhering to standardised reporting procedures and techniques
As our new Reporting Analyst, you will be responsible for:
Maintain, improve, and troubleshoot the existing business reports to ensure their accuracy and suitability for the business
Create and deliver new reports and dashboards as required by the business users or other team members
Ensure that the look and feel and labelling of data on all reporting within the business is consistent
Actively look for ways to meet development timelines while maximising business benefits, including but not limited to the use of phasing, temporary hardcoding, or manual processes
Collaborate with other team members and third parties to address any required change, or integrity issue in the internal or third-party data sources
Regularly meet with business users and management to discuss current and future reporting requirements
Actively look for ways to improve reporting and dashboards within the business, including but not limited to automation of manual reporting tasks currently being performed by business users
Here’s our technical wish list:
Strong skills in MS Excel - Data manipulation, analysis, and visualization
Experience building reports using Excel Power Pivot
Experience building and maintaining SSRS and SSAS reports
Advanced skills in querying SQL databases
Experience with source code management tools – TFS, GIT
Knowledge of Agile/SCRUM methodologies, and experience with Jira and Confluence
Knowledge of cubing engines – SSAS, TM1
Strong Analytical and problem-solving skills
The perks you ask?
A competitive salary – of course!
Staff discount - a generous staff discount applies to all products in store.
Parties and events – lots of fun throughout the year.
Development - we want you to get the most out of your role.
All applications are to be submitted online and should include your current resume outlining your passion for this position.
For a confidential conversation, please contact Art Perry-Meijer on art.perrymeijer@generalpantsgroup.com for further information.
Welcome to a world with no boundaries, where you can explore your style and what you’re capable of. At General Pants Co, we exist for that very reason. Engrained in youth culture and immersed in the community, for over 40 years General Pants Co. has cultivated and curated fashion and lifestyle culture within Australia by consistently challenging the norm.
Now with over 60+ stores around Australia and New Zealand and an online store that ships globally, we are a consistently evolving business, as dynamic as the world around us. Our story is ever evolving.
We believe in our teams and the part they play in defining our brand, that’s why our team members are rewarded right from the beginning with team member incentives, brand discounts and ongoing career development and advancement along the way.

Video"
40,40,"Company Description

With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.

From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family you dearly miss by road or rail, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.

Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.

Job Description

This commercial and analytical role within Finance reports directly to the Lead Finance Business Partner and will play an integral role in supporting business partnering and strategic decision support with Senior Executives across the Technology, Product and other functional business units through the delivery of strategic insights, business performance analysis, data and reporting.

Specifically, your responsibilities will include:
Delivering timely and strategic financial insight to Operational Management and their leadership teams via development and management of an evolving suite of financial and operational key performance indicators;

Month end reporting, annual and long term planning, forecasting and expense management, delivering key insights to lead and influence decision making;

Develop reporting to increase automation and provide greater insight to business performance, resource allocation and profit opportunities.

Deliver adhoc projects to assist decision making including business case development, project and/or cost analysis, process improvement and provision of commercial decision support;

Key to your success will be your ability to think both strategically and commercially to understand the business and its key drivers, and to challenge thinking and existing practices to help deliver process improvement and increased efficiencies/automation.

Qualifications

CA/CPA qualified you will possess strong financial modelling and data/analytics experience, either gained in a Big 4 Transaction Services environment or in a similar commercial FP&A role supporting business planning, performance management and decision making.

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.

It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.

To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers

To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
41,41,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

Successful organisations depend on their reputation for keeping promises, respecting laws and behaving ethically to maintain stakeholder trust. EY Forensic & Integrity Services professionals help organisations protect and restore enterprise and financial reputation. We assist organisations to investigate facts, resolve disputes and manage regulatory challenges. We put integrity at the heart of compliance programs to help better manage ethical and reputational risks.

We understand how organisations navigate complex environments; how pressures, attitudes and culture influence employee actions. We are committed to making integrity the cornerstone of a better working world.

We are looking for a Consultant/ Senior Consultant, Forensic Data Analytics within the Forensic & Integrity Services team in our Brisbane office.

This is an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate seeking to pursue a career in Forensic Data Analytics. The Forensic Data Analytics team is a group of technical specialists that practice the full life cycle of data management from the early stages of data scoping and capture, to its management, analysis and reporting. Data Analytics are central to EY’s mission of building a better working world by asking better questions.

FDA team members typically apply their specialist skills to large or complex datasets coming from disparate data sources. Using market leading advanced data analytic tools, we look beyond the obvious to dig deeper into underlying patterns and trends.
Our team generates insights to support fraud investigations, disputes, and regulatory compliance challenges for our clients, across a range of industries.

Your key responsibilities

Senior Consultants in our Forensics team will:

Be passionate about data analytics and the opportunities it provides to organisations
Work with broader Forensics team (including forensic accountants and incident response professionals) to assist Australian and global companies in addressing their fraud and compliance challenges
Consult with stakeholders; develop forensic procedures and define measurable data metrics, and design investigative analysis
Extract, validate, transform and load data from multiple data sources for deeper analysis
Undertake extensive analytical reviews of client data to produce insights that will assist our clients with:
detection of irregular financial transactions
identification of anomalous employee behaviour
targeting of error and waste in their operations
Support senior team members in the preparation and presentation of client deliverables in a clear, structured manner
Produce dashboards and other visualisations to support the analysis undertaken
Provide innovative thinking for strategic initiatives, new offerings and programs
Work in multi-disciplinary teams across a range of industries helping our clients, using our analytics to transform and improve their business

Skills and attributes for success

To qualify for the role you must have

Tertiary qualification in a relevant technical field (Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Statistics, Economics, Commerce, Mathematics, Linguistics)
Experience with statistical analysis and modelling tools such as SAS, Alteryx, SPSS, Python, R or similar packages, and data manipulation languages such as SQL
Familiarity with data visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview or Spotfire
A demonstrated understanding of commercial relational database systems and enterprise software solutions (Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, Chris21, etc)
A working knowledge of financial processes other business processes (e.g., regulatory reporting)
Ablility to hypothesise, analyse and draw conclusions from data
A demonstrated ability to clearly and concisely present data, conclusions, and recommendations
Highly professional with ability to work in challenging, diverse and evolving client environments

Ideally, you’ll also have

Strong stakeholder management and project delivery disciplines
Effective written and verbal communication skills
A team player with strong time and project management skills

Responsibilities, Qualifications, Certifications

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $78,000 including 10% superannuation

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $67,000 including 9.5% superannuation.

#LI-EYAustralia"
42,42,"Senior Business Analyst


This is an exciting opportunity or an experienced business analyst to join Transgrid.


Work as part of a high performing, diverse, inclusive and supportive team
Competitive salary and great suite of benefits
Based in Sydney – Ultimo (WFH)


The Opportunity


We are currently seeking to appoint a Senior Business Analyst to provide specialist IT advice and support to the Business Stakeholders to specify requirements and deliver the outcomes defined in the Business Plans and the ICT Strategic Plan. As the Senior Business Analyst you will be required to manage the creation, review and analysis of Transgrid’s business requirements, services, processes and information needs to identify changes that lead to business improvements


What we need from you


As the senior Business analyst you will:


Provide IT specialist advice and support to business units in the following activities:
Effectively consult with Business Owners (General/Senior Leadership Team) and other stakeholders to drive input to projects which support business objectives and the achievement of the IT Strategy
Produce comprehensive support for cases such as, EPICs, user stories/requirements and user case scenarios, business and functional requirements, technical/interface designs, business process models, to industry standards as appropriate for the business need.
Work closely with Business Units to understand business processes and the value proposition of current corporate applications
Analyse business processes and IT systems and identify areas for improvement
Analyse requirements for migrating existing data to new systems (where required)
Produce clear, detailed project briefs and business requirements documents using established techniques (e.g. user cases)
Produce business cases which contain a comprehensive analysis of alternative solutions and associated costs and benefits


Transgrid’s IT Management Framework


Ensure business requirements drive the ICT Strategic Planning process
Use specialist knowledge to translate business requirements into ICT requirements
Work closely with Business units to scope projects for inclusion in the IT Plan. Developed Project Briefs should clearly define and address the business need
Enforce compliance to TransGrid’s IT Management Framework i.e. Role of the Business unit IT Working Groups and Vendor/Business Owner forums.
Provide business direction to the ICT Planning & Architecture team to influence the development of standards
Provide customer feedback to the ICT Service Management team on the effectiveness of service levels
Provide customer feedback to the Projects team on specific project delivery


What you will bring to Transgrid


To be successful in this role you will demonstrate the following:


Qualifications and Accreditations


Possession of relevant qualifications at degree level or equivalent experience to perform the duties of the position
BABOK accreditation highly desired
Knowledge of emerging technology trends and IT functions
An understanding of business and industry direction


Experience and Knowledge


Extensive experience in Agile projects including defining EPICs/ project scope, business case development, User Stories and cost benefit analysis
Extensive experience in developing business and functional user stories/ requirements and technical specifications
Relevant experience and proven capacity to understand business processes and translate into technological requirements
High level, previous experience in writing IT solution business cases for submission to Governance groups
Experience with and knowledge of IT project management methodology
Knowledge of strategic planning principles
Excellent interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with management and IT users
Strong analytical skills and proven problem solving skills
Sound written and verbal communication skills. Ability to plan and deliver communications that are impactful and persuasive to the intended audience


Recognition & Reward


In return for your hard work, we have numerous other benefits and initiatives to support you personally and professionally including but not limited to private health insurance discount, motor vehicle lease plan, career development support, study assistance program and workplace flexibility.


Applications close Wednesday, 25 May 2022


Our vacancy close dates may be subject to change, we will assess applications as they are received and interviewing may commence earlier than closing date.
We do not accept agency introductions as Transgrid operates a direct sourcing model.


Transgrid is committed to Health and Safety, the Environment, Equal Employment Opportunity, Diversity and Ethical Practices. All applicants are expected to demonstrate an understanding of and commitment to these areas."
43,43,"ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA locations available
$110 - $140 per hour (inc super)
12 + 12 + 12-month contract (ability to obtain baseline clearance required)

Data Analyst (multiple)


ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA
$110 - $140 per hour (inc super)
12 + 12 + 12-month contract (ability to obtain baseline clearance required)
Define data solutions using Azure Synapse, Azure Managed Instance and work with the data platform team to deliver these solutions
Our client, a large Federal Government entity focused on industry is seeking multiple Data Engineers.
About the client
Our client strives to encourage the sustainable growth of Australian industries including the delivery of a national innovation system to drive knowledge creation, international competitiveness and greater productivity. Their staff are committed to developing policies and delivering programs, in partnership with stakeholders, to provide lasting economic benefits based on principles of social justice and equity for all Australians.
About the role
Projects will comprise of implementing an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, storing transactional data and archiving of required data.
Duties

work closely with various stakeholders, business subject matter experts, technical architects, cloud engineers and developers as part of the project, to deliver the agreed project outcomes
assist in the migration of existing data processes (Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services) to the new data platform (Azure Synapse)
have the ability to understand DevOps process and can use DevOps tools in accordance with the agreed processes
develop and maintain relevant project and design documentation such as detailed designs, technical configuration documents and build guides
work with the data platform team to consume and implement recommended practices to ensure compliance of data and information management standards
be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve
have demonstrated government sector experience, including working in small project teams
previous experience with Microsoft technologies, specifically Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Managed Instance and Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is required
experience in working within an Agile team is highly desirable, and experience working in an enterprise data warehouse is desirable
relevant qualifications and demonstrated experience in information technology, data management, or related fields would be highly regarded, including the ability to communicate data concepts to generalist audiences
Skills / Experience

proven experience with Microsoft stack technologies, specifically SQL Managed Instance, Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services
high level of competency with SQL programming
proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders including working collaboratively as part of an agile, multidisciplinary team
strong written and verbal communication skills
experience in developing and maintaining relevant documentation such as detailed designs, technical configuration documents and build guides
experience with Agile methodologies
experience with Microsoft Power BI
experience with delivering solutions using a data warehouse platform and processes
How to apply
To be considered for this role (JOB ID: 3476), please forward your resume to Anuj by clicking the Apply for this Job button. Please note that this role closes on the 13th of May."
44,44,"Posted
05-May-2022
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Digital & Technology/Information Technology
Location(s)
Brisbane - Queensland - Australia, Melbourne - Victoria - Australia, Sydney - New South Wales - Australia
Full time permanent role in a hybrid work environment
Work for a global product with an exciting range of projects to work on
Access to professional development tools and individual training each year
Brisbane | Land of the Turrbal people

CBRE Group, Inc. Is the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm. We owns and develops a suite of digital products to support its lines of business and its clients. Among them, CBRE Host Building is a digital tenant experience platform that connects tenants to the environments, amenities and communities that matter the most.

Host offers our clients an unparalleled workplace experience. With hospitality-driven services that focus on increased productivity and employee wellbeing, we help ensure that people have everything they need to be at their best and do great work each day.

We’re looking for a talented Data Analyst with experience in mobile app environment, to work with the product and business teams. You will play a key role in designing, planning and managing databases, including security, access and documentation and participate in the design, maintenance and enhancement of relational databases. You will work with our existing Tableau and Firebase data sets to produce dashboards that meet internal and client requirements to help them visualise data.

Here’s what you’ll focus on:
Developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other BI solutions.
Performing and documenting data analysis, data validation, and data mapping/design.
Reviewing and improving existing systems and collaborating with teams to integrate new systems.
Developing queries to analyse the effect of changes to the Host platform and trends over time
Creating tools to analyse data within the organization.

Our ideal person:
Degree in mathematics, computer science, information systems, or related field.
Relevant 2-3 years’ work experience.
A solid understanding of SQL, rational databases, and normalization.
Proficiency in use of query and reporting analysis tools.
Competency in Excel (macros, pivot tables, etc.)
Extensive experience in developing on and managing modern BI environments (Tableau, Microsoft Power BI).
Experience with working with Firebase datasets.
Experience with Python and Azure Databricks is desirable.

If working with the best in an exciting and rewarding team environment appeals to you then we want to hear from you. Please attach your CV to your application."
45,45,"Company Description

Introducing Atomic 212°
Atomic 212° is Australia’s largest independent media agency, with a mission to make marketing Smarter, Faster and Accountable (SFA). Born as a specialist performance media agency and now servicing a full range of integrated marketing solutions, from media to creative, data and technology. Atomic 212° is unique in its performance DNA. We apply this same mindset to every channel to deliver measurable business results.
Join the Atomic 212° Team
Atomic 212° is a place to grow and progress. We seek motivators, leaders and collaborators. We are focused on attracting and retaining those who best encapsulate and align with our unique proposition - Smarter, Faster and Accountable.
We invest in training, technology and innovation in the face of the evolving media landscape. Our teams are integrated and made up of multidisciplinary skill sets. We provide the support to evolve into new territories.
People
We seek those who are passionate, humble and dynamic. People who thrive on big dreams and imagination. Our culture is diverse and fun, underpinned by a world-class team. We embrace values characterised by integrity.
Development
Our personal development program aligns goals to smarter, faster, accountable principles. We invest heavily in learning, career progression and mentorship. We are focused on attracting and retaining the very best. Above all else, we want to ensure you are supported, challenged and happy.
Growth
We have built incredible momentum with over 120 team members nationally and locations across Sydney, Melbourne, Darwin and Brisbane. We are always growing and have a strong client base across tourism, automotive, energy, insurance, retail and more.
Who will you work with?
You will join an agency that values a point of view. Day to day, you will work with all relevant media stakeholders to deliver exceptional campaign planning and results. This role also closely collaborates with specialist media, technology and digital partners.
Our team is all about results and accountability. With industry-leading capabilities across paid search, social and display the team is focused on boosting the performance of client content and amplifying campaigns to maximise business results.


Job Description

Who are we looking for?
An aspiring Data & Analytics graduate who is seeking a dynamic role within an analytical and technical team in a performance agency environment. You will need to have an understanding of internet technology & trends; be able to perform data analysis on web marketing data sets and have an eagerness & aptitude towards technical solutions.
Training will be provided based on knowledge gaps and your existing skill set.

What will your day look like?

Create dashboards, reports and automated reports using Google Sheets and Data Studio and similar tools
Provide actionable Insights & Analysis from generated reports
Assist the Data and Analytics Manager/Director in the preparation of client proposals and delivery of consulting services to meet and surpass client requirements.
Take pride in all work delivered and ensure the presentation and design is impeccable and consistent with Atomic 212° brand guidelines.
Complete Google Analytics Individual Qualification in the first month.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Able to troubleshoot Google Sheets formulas
Hands on experience with Tableau/Data Studio or other visualisation tools (is desirable)
Aptitude to learn coding languages Javascript, Big Query/SQL and Python.


Additional Information

For more information visit Atomic 212°
Please apply with a cover letter and CV to Valeriya Kamenetskaya, People and Culture Manager, outlining why you would like to work with Atomic 212° and what skills you can bring to the agency and this role.
Salary for this position is $47.5K inclusive of super which increases to $50K inclusive of super on completion of probation (3 months)."
46,46,"Overview:
Essense Designs is an international bridal wholesaler with key offices in Perth, Australia and Lenexa, Kansas. Our growing organisation has additional locations in the United Kingdom, Europe, Canada, and New Zealand. We have been a global leader in bridal fashion for over 20 years and our designs are currently sold in over 1,500 stores worldwide. With innovative designs and a strong customer service approach, Essense Designs is a dynamic and rapidly-expanding company that rewards excellence, drive and collaboration.


The Role
We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst with excellent analytical and problem-solving capabilities to join our rapidly growing business. The ideal candidate will enjoy the challenge of analysing our vast multi-source data to produce meaningful and insightful supply chain dashboards. In this role you will deep dive into our data and processes to identify opportunities to reduce costs, support senior management in decision making and provide insights for improvements.
Responsibilities:
What We Expect:
The successful candidate will be an enthusiastic and proactive individual with great analytical skills, that thrives in a fast-paced, agile environment and always strives for excellence.


Support the daily, and long-term strategic needs of our supply chain team by providing timely reporting and data support
Work closely with the supply chain team and the wider business developing reports that will require data extraction, normalisation, and conversion into meaningful graphs and KPIs
Analyse and monitor all KPI reporting
Provide actionable insights through analytics
Pivot between different initiatives quickly to support projects as needed while being able to work at a micro and macro level.
Continuous focus on improving relevant operational performance and productivity


Qualifications:
Who We Are Looking For:
We are seeking a data analyst with an eye for detail and ability to quickly grasp new concepts, identify operational anomalies and communicate trends. If you are an intellectually curious analyst, a team player, accountable communicator, and a strategic thinker with a proven ability to navigate complex supply chain problems, we look forward to exploring what you have to offer:

1+ years’ experience as an Analyst or similar analytical role.
Bachelor’s degree in data science, business, supply chain, management information systems or equivalent.
Experience with market leading BI tools (Qlik, PowerBI, Domo, Tableau) will be highly regarded
Advanced Excel skills (Power Query, Power Pivot)
Strong interpersonal and stakeholder management skills
Comfortable working with large sets of data, both qualitative and quantitative, from varied sources to drive efficiency through data
Experience creating reports/graphs (visual representations)
Ability to interpret data, make observations & recommendations
Effective problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
What We Offer:

We look forward to welcoming the successful candidate to our fast-growing global team! In return for your skills, we offer you the opportunity to join an international industry leader and be part of a creative and collaborative culture that empowers its people, promotes teamwork and embraces sustainability. We recognise and reward excellence, innovation, and loyalty. Our goal is to offer an inspirational and modern workplace that allows for talent individuals to thrive."
47,47,"For all the CDE being onboarded by DMCC to be uploaded into Alex:
Validate Business Data flow data submissions for DMCC BDFs
Identify data errors with Business Data flow data submissions
Consult with requestor from DMCC team to fix data errors
Load validated BDF data into Alex.
Key call outs:
BDF loading into Alex a key step for completion of CDE onboarding process
Once are BDF are loaded into Alex, there are handover to business for ongoing maintenance and updates
BDF loaded into Alex can be leveraged by other business and SMEs across the enterprise
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney, NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
48,48,"Cutting - edge, market leading product
Permanent opportunity with market competitive salary
South Wharf modern office location with a subsidised onsite GYM
Do you have passion for technology and delivering solutions to end users?
DCA is offering a rewarding career opportunity for an enthusiastic professional to join our Support Services team as Application Support Analyst. Based in our South Wharf office, this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers. Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience.
Recent graduates with some experience within a software support environment supplying end-user software products to the Australian market are encouraged to apply.
The Role
This role provides an excellent opportunity for the successful applicant to join a team of technology experts in a growing organisation.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa. Work eligibility will be checked as part of the recruitment process.

If you are successful in this role, you will enjoy:

A supportive and friendly team environment;
Stability to develop a your career in a growth focused company; and
A range of benefits as part of our Employee Benefit Program.
A competitive remuneration package is on offer and will be based on the successful candidate's experience, skills and knowledge.

Key responsibilities include:

Provide telephone and email-based technical support (Level 1 and 2) for software and hardware products (mobile bluetooth printers) and engaging assistance from 3rd parties where required.
Action responses and rectification of support incidents within agreed SLAs ensuring customer requests are appropriately prioritised.
Logging all support requests, calls and emails accurately in the designated service desk system (Salesforce) and ensuring cases are updated accurately and promptly to reflect current status.
Escalating cases to the Development team for technically complex cases or requests, whilst maintaining communication with the customer as to the status.
Ensuring maximum availability of production applications by conducting system health checks, providing timely and effective support and necessary remedial action.
The Company
Database Consultants Australia or DCA is an innovative technology provider with a specialist focus on, on-street parking management and infringement processing solutions incorporating:


Infringement issuing technologies, management and processing
Smart mobility sensor technology
Mobile way finding and payment applications
Digital permit technology
Specialist parking officers and intelligent patrol planning methodology
Smart mobility data analytics
What's Next?
To apply, please submit a cover letter and an up-to-date version of your resume to our quoting reference number DCA/1606181DEF by the closing date 1 June 2022.
DCA is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to supporting a working environment of mutual respect, teamwork and trust and a workplace that attracts, develops and retains highly skilled people.
The purpose of this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers.
Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience."
49,49,"Date: 16-May-2022

Location:
Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU

Department: In-Demand Skills

Description:

Work on enriching client assignments with diverse teams
Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best
Mentoring programs - receive support and coaching to progress your career
With the ever-increasing complexity and volume of data, organisations are faced with increasing number of choices to ensure they are able to exploit their data assets for maximum advantage. Deloitte is able to draw from its vast global experience delivering advanced analytics solutions for our clients across the full spectrum of technology and business domains to provide the right strategic advice to help an organisation respond effectively to these changes – as well as partner with our clients to execute on our recommendations.

What will your typical day look like?
As a team member in our business, you will be part of our growing specialist data and analytics team.

This role will have an emphasis on cloud based data engineering and management.

Focussed in the Adelaide market and working with leaders from across the Deloitte network, you will be responsible for bringing the best of the global and national capability, to deliver the best solutions to our clients and opportunities to our people. Your passion for developing meaningful relationships with our network of talented specialists and a broad ranging client base, will be core to the success of any individual in this role.

In addition, you will be responsible for:

Design and development of data and analytics solutions
Identify organisational insights, risk and opportunities for process and system changes to better manage future business performance and reduce risk
Interact cohesively with other members of the Data and Analytics team, including being a buddy to new members of the team
Contribute to the analysis and interpretation of data towards relevant communications to explain the value of the work completed
Assist in identifying and collecting data from business and operational and other data sources
Assist in assessing and determining the techniques and tools to be used in collection, analysis and communication for a project
Apply analytics methods, techniques and tools to achieve project outcomes
Evaluate and describe the reliability and utility of source information
About the team
Working across a wide range of industries and the public sector, our Data Advisory team advise, implement and deliver Analytics strategies and deliver capabilities to support enterprise-wide decision-making.

Our team is an inclusive, dynamic and growing team committed to driving innovation, delivering client outcomes and making an impact that matters. The strength of our team lies in the diversity of the background and skillset of each member, fostered in a collaborative environment.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.
At Deloitte, diversity in our teams make us unique and supports our aspiration of making an impact that matters to our clients and teams. You will have deep knowledge of two of the following areas, with exposure to others:


Data solutions and platform, modernisation and engineering
Enterprise Data Warehouse Design and Implementation
Data Analysis and Insights
Data quality and integration
Data management and governance
Complex / Large-scale data programs
Big Data / Artificial Intelligence / Machine learning
Prerequisites:

Bachelor degree or higher qualification in IT, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Commerce or equivalent field(s)
Experience with Data Warehouse Development, Business Intelligence, Visualisation and Analytics
A solid technical grounding in SQL, SAS, Python or other programming languages
Experience in transforming and wrangling data for analytics purposes
Strong attention to detail and thoroughness in following systems and procedures
Ideally, experience in visual communication of analysis and data visualization
Ideally, an understanding of the appropriateness of applying different data-driven analytics methods
Ideally, exposure to project management principles
Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
0,0,"Banking Products include home loans, commercial loans, car loans, credit cards and deposits across the Personal Banking and Business Banking channels. Within Product & Technology, we are proud of our culture of diversity & inclusion and high performance. We have a strong focus on meeting community expectations and making risk-conscious and data-based decisions. In line with our entrepreneurial and innovative culture, we adopt Enterprise Agile ways of working and embrace a growth and learning mindset.
In this role, your key responsibilities will include supporting:
delivery of an ongoing program, in partnership with business stakeholders, to reshape our approach to the ongoing management of risks and controls by:
understanding products across end-to-end product value chains
evaluating risks, and control environment effectiveness
diagnosing the suitability of our control environment and identifying weaknesses or potential uplifts
developing a risk-based approach to resolving identified opportunities
provide advice to the business on various topics, including the safe implementation of business change, changes to the risk environment and control development.
contribute to the development of an ongoing monitoring framework for value chains (risk profiles) across all Banking Products
improving stakeholder visibility, awareness and understanding of the risk and control environment in place to support their business
creation, maintenance, continuous improvement, and governance over the approach to ensure consistency and the implementation of best practice
To be successful in this role you will have demonstrated:
a practical understanding of the implementation of risk and control frameworks to manage non-financial risks in highly regulated contexts
a proactive and pragmatic approach with a strong bias to action, and an ability to engage and manage multiple stakeholders and promote a strong risk culture while balancing competing priorities
an ability to effectively challenge the business, role modelling a mindset of “chronic unease” and customer outcomes focus
clear and transparent communication skills
Ability to prioritise tasks and meet deadlines


About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers, and business clients


Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders, and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-965117
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Data & Analytics, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Chelsea Hollins
Opening Date: 18/5/2022"
1,1,"Job Code: FINBA
Qualification (Educational): Qualified Chartered Accountant or Certified Public Accountant or equivalent degree.
Location Country: Australia & New Zealand
Years of Experience: 5-10 Years
Skill Sets Required:


Qualified Chartered Accountant or Certified Public Accountant or equivalent degree.
Dynamic self-driven achiever having in depth understanding of the financials.
Should have Business Analysis and Solutioning Skills.
Experience in handling end to end ERP implementation within Australia covering General Ledger Accounts Payable Receivables and Fixed Assets Modules.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Roles & Responsibilities:


Collect requirements, analyze businesses and execute process workshops.
Interact with teams of developers offshore teams then monitor and tune performances.
Identify develop and integrate Ramco ERP solution to meet predefined requirements interacting with clients sales and technical consultants.
Participate in all ERP implementation steps as assigned.
Prepare necessary project documentations associated with implementation like manuals, customer query data, issue logs and their resolution.
Identify and develop business processes and demonstrate good report writing skills.
Develop and enforce collaborative working relationships with customers.
Lead process reviews and application configuration discussions with clients."
2,2,"Billings Analyst/Revenue Accountant
$80,000 + Bonus + Super + Excellent progression - be the next Finance Manager!
Next to Central Station - Brand new offices/ WFH flexibility & Great Benefits!
Switched on Accountant looking to work for a leading tech company with strong Excel & analysis skills then this is the job for you!
Use your analytical skills to think outside the box, identify process improvements and analyse data across billings and revenue accounting.
THE CLIENT
My client is a fast growing business & currently one of biggest Australian owned organisations specialising in technology and providing cutting edge products to their clients. The company has great values and is determined to create a great working environment for its staff with an extremely low staff turnover and awarded 4th best company to work in their sector! State of the art recently renovated modern offices, with break out zones, table tennis, flexible hybrid working and relaxed dress code!
BENEFITS
WFH flexibility - 3 days work from home/ maximum 1-2 days in the office!
Voted 4th best company to work for!
Modern offices - Newly renovated, brand new offices with table tennis!
Convenient location - next to Central station
Discounted and cheap IT products
Discounts at different stores
Ability to buy extended leaves
Extended Parental leave
Fun, vibrant & agile working environment
Paid CPA annual membership and free study leave for exams, as well as CPA qualified mentorship support!
THE ROLE
Managing billing including data manipulation, raising/sending invoices liaising with stakeholders
Revenue accounting and reporting
Data analysis and reporting on billing and billing trends
Reconciliation of revenue balance accounts
Responding to complex billing queries, problem solving
Process improvements, streamline efficiencies
Balance Sheet and P&L
Assist in preparation of year end and Audit
THE PERSON
3-5+ years accounting experience.
Highly competent with Excel and data manipulation
Previous experience managing billing for a services organisation
Ambitious and drive to progress your career
To be able to analyse, think outside the box, problem solve
High level of communication skills - oral and written with the confidence to liaise with clients
Desirable - completed or working towards CPA, NetSuite experience
If you have the skills required, please apply now, or contact Gina Morley at AccountAbility on 02 8296 5321 for further information."
3,3,"Job no: 512974
Work type: Permanent - Full Time
Location: VIC

Permanent - Full time position – Dandenong South, VIC
Competitive salary package
A leader in sustainability and renewable resources
Who we are
When you start to think of waste as a resource, it opens a world of possibilities. Cleanaway is the largest waste management company in Australia providing sustainable waste management solutions to a range of customers including councils, small businesses, large corporate entities and government agencies to provide sustainable waste management solutions.
Your new role
Analyse data to identify quality gaps and areas for improvement.
Implement reporting processes to track data quality improvements over time.
Develop / coordinate and implement monthly audit action plans and monitor their progress.
Manage the Master Price Files for “national” customers including up-rate process.
Establish customers in operating systems, reporting and analysis of sales report.
Your skills and experience
Excellent attention to detail.
Ability to organize, coordinate, and execute on details.
Ability to effectively manage data quality.
Knowledge of Information Technology principles.
Expert knowledge of and experience in VRP.
What we offer
Competitive Salary Package
Learning and development opportunities
Scope for growth within the business
Support from a strong network of business partners
Employee share program
Great staff benefits program including novated car leasing and salary sacrificing on work-related purchases, discounts on private health insurance and more
How to apply
Cleanaway is an employer of equal opportunity and encourages and values diversity and inclusion. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply. If this sounds like the opportunity you’ve been waiting for, please forward your resume and cover letter by clicking Apply.
https://www.cleanaway.com.au/
Advertised: 26 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 25 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
4,4,"Chevron is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and has been present in Australia for more than 70 years. Chevron Australia operates the Gorgon and Wheatstone natural gas projects; manages an equal one-sixth interest in the North West Shelf Venture; operates Australia’s largest onshore oilfield on Barrow Island; and delivers quality fuel products and services across Australia via Puma Energy.

At Chevron Australia, we’re powered by the talent and ingenuity of our people. Experience opportunity, challenge and fulfillment within a diverse and inclusive workplace and be part of providing the energy that powers the world forward.
about the role
Chevron Australia has an exciting opportunity for a Financial Analyst to join the Barrow Island (BWI) Operations Finance team. Reporting to the BWI Finance Manager, the role will be based in Perth.
The Finance Analyst will lead and oversee activities related to the establishment of finance policies and controls as well as general administration, and performance improvement. The role will also provide operations management with interpretive and predictive financial information to make business performance assessments and capital investment decisions through the use of sensitivity, statistical and cause-and-effect analysis across all Chevron operated assets, namely Gorgon, Wheatstone and WA Oil.
Specifically, some of the role’s duties and responsibilities include:
Partner with Operations teams to drive competitive performance and enhance financial fluency
Provide financial, accounting and costing expertise and advice to Operations stakeholders
Work across the Wheatstone and BWI teams, on the execution and ongoing enhancement of Operations finance processes, stakeholder reporting and other deliverables to ensure they are simple, fit for purpose and results-driven
Analyse expenditure data, cost drivers and trends, to prepare and present insightful reports and analysis
Manage the Operations forecasting process, tools and deliverables
Assist in the preparation of Operations Work Program & Budgets, and load final approved budgets into JDE
Assist in the preparation of presentation material for Operations teams and Joint Venture Participant meetings
Prepare analysis and responses to Joint Venture Participant queries
Support NOJV audit information requests and findings resolution
Assist with collation of benchmarking information and delivery of insights
Seek opportunities to eliminate, standardise, simplify, and automate work scopes including offshoring and utilisation of digital tools
about you
At Chevron Australia, we believe humanity can solve any challenge – including meeting the world’s energy needs of today, while advancing a cleaner energy tomorrow.
We know our greatest resource is the ingenuity, creativity, and innovation of our people. Applications from motivated, talented individuals with a keen interest in the energy industry and the value of health at work are encouraged.
To be considered for the role, the successful applicant needs to have:
Commerce or Accounting degree or similar.
Partially or newly qualified accountant or similar.
Interested in working collaboratively across Finance and Operations teams and building knowledge and capability in LNG Operations and across the LNG business, taking a one team approach
Ability to effectively interact with Finance and non-Finance stakeholders both verbally and in written form.
Ability to analyze data and provide insightful analysis relating financial results to operational events embracing a digital mindset and telling the story behind the numbers
Willing to challenge the status quo and seek out opportunities to continuously improve processes and deliverables.
Ability to work independently and build strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders
Demonstrated commitment to Chevron’s values of integrity, partnership and trust.
what we can offer you
Everything we do at Chevron is guided by our values and our commitment to
The Chevron Way
. At the heart of The Chevron Way is our vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership, and performance.
Participate in world-leading energy projects, advance your professional development and expand your career within an inclusive, collaborative and high-performing workplace.
Here are just some of the benefits a career at Chevron provides:
A commitment to supporting work-life balance with flexible working arrangements, optional hybrid working model including at home and in-office working, and – where applicable – a compressed working week (nine-day fortnight)
A competitive remuneration package, including bonus scheme and Recognition and Awards program
Health and wellness offerings including gap-free GP services, fitness classes, gym access and mental health support
diversity & inclusion
Chevron Australia values inclusivity and promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome contributions from all people. We actively encourage people of all abilities, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, diverse cultures and backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ identities, and all age groups to apply. To be a part of our success, apply now.
how to apply
Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 31st May 2022.

Click APPLY to submit your application.
Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law."
5,5,"Join a successful, mature and growing business
Work as part of broader team to deliver client outcomes
Contract Position for 4 Months

About BSA

The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure).

BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.

We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

About the Role

We are looking for enthusiastic people to join our BSA|CUI finance team in the capacity of Claims Data Analyst, based in our Lidcombe office. Reporting to the Accounts Team Manager, the key purpose pf this role is to analyze billing, disputes, providing payment schedules and support with data extraction queries.

Key Responsibilities include:


Producing payment schedule reports for the leadership team
Analyze data and summaries findings in order to produce payment schedules reports including outstanding queries and disputed payments
Having strong technical and analytical skills, business intelligence, and a working knowledge of the billing and recovery management.
Perform revenue conciliation and calculate the applicable recovery
Being able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Maintaining payment schedule register and liaise with relevant team member to finalize the account
Any other tasks as directed by the Management
Uphold BSA Values and Behaviors and take reasonable care to prevent injuries to self and others.
To be a part of the team, we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant area with a minimum 3 years’ experience in working within billing, commercial and finance area.
Advanced Excel skills with high attention to detail and organizational skills
Intermediate proficiency in SQL
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Demonstrated ability to contribute to analytical solutions
Providing support to Management, Internal and External stakeholders
Excellent attendance/punctuality
Solution focused
Previous experience in telecommunication industry would be an advantage but not mandatory.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
6,6,"Vic, Clayton
Human Resources
11088BR
About us:
Lockheed Martin is a dynamic, growing, and energetic organisation offering stimulating, challenging work at the forefront of technology. Lockheed Martin is a leader in Australia’s National Security, and our collaboration with Australian industry spans the Aeronautics, Maritime, Surveillance and Defence domains. We employ approximately 100,000 staff worldwide, and over 1,000 staff in Australia across multiple locations.

Your responsibilities will include:
As a Compensation Analyst you will support the Compensation Lead and Head of Rewards for Asia Pacific in the delivery of compensation programs and initiatives. T his role will be offered as a 12-month fixed term opportunity, day-to-day duties will include:
Supporting the delivery of annual compensation activities including Pay Reviews, Short Term Incentives, Early Careers and survey and WGEA submissions.
Contributing to ad hoc APAC Reward activities with data, analysis and insights including support to union negotiations.
Managing the internal ANZ Employee Awards annual event.
Providing compensation guidance to HR and key stakeholders across the business.
Preparing and maintaining internal peer and salary data and ad hoc reporting.
About you:
Tertiary qualifications in HR or a business-related discipline, and/or proven experience in a similar role.
Comprehensive numerical, communication and stakeholder management skills.
MS Excel proficiency, an analytical mindset and logical thinking.
Excellent attention to detail with ability to identify and correct errors and anomalies.

Highly desirable/advantageous:
Experience with job mapping and survey submissions.
Exposure to Asia Pacific.
Special Requirements:
Applicants are required to be Australian Citizens and be eligible to hold and maintain a CoA Baseline security clearance. This will depend on location, will be discussed at interview stage.

Employment may be contingent on the satisfactory result of criminal and/or other background screens, which require the collection and transfer of personal information.
What we offer you:
At Lockheed Martin we value our team and the contribution they make every day. We offer rewarding career pathways working on interesting projects that make a difference, continuous professional development and the opportunity to learn from a diverse team of talented individuals.

In return we offer:

Competitive Remuneration.
Training and development will be a big aspect of this position.
Options for genuine work/life flexibility – 8 or 9 day fortnight.
Access to our wellbeing and benefits program including retail discounts, health and wellbeing initiatives and an Employee Assistance Program
Salary packaging for car leasing.


Equal Opportunity Statement
Lockheed Martin supports Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity in the workplace by creating a place of employment that is, harassment free, diverse, fair, ethical, inclusive, and values the contribution of all its employees. Diversity and inclusion are the foundation of our culture and reflect our values of doing what’s right, respecting others and performing with excellence. By leveraging our employees’ unique talents and experiences, we will deliver innovative, affordable solutions and unparalleled customer value.
Vacancy Country
Australia
Vacancy Type
Fixed Term
Employee Type
Full Time
Job Expires
16/06/2022"
7,7,"Full-time, continuing position with UniSA Business
Based in Adelaide, the most liveable city in Australia and the World’s 3rd most liveable city (EIU 2021)
Commencement Salary $148,600 per annum, plus 17% superannuation



The University of South Australia (UniSA) is Australia’s university of enterprise and is recognised as one of Australia’s leading research and teaching universities in Business and Economics. UniSA Business prepares students for global careers, creating leaders for change whose skills and knowledge shape business, industry and policy. Our research programs are inspired by the contemporary challenges facing Australia and its region, and we share our expertise in modern business practice with partners locally and worldwide.

About the Role

The Associate Professor in Accounting (Data Analytics) is responsible for the leadership, development, delivery and coordination of courses within an area of the Academic Unit’s undergraduate and postgraduate programs. The appointee will also actively contribute to the Academic Unit’s research agenda, ideally with a focus on the application of data analytics in the discipline. Specific responsibilities include:



Provide academic leadership to support the Academic Unit’s teaching and learning initiatives, especially with on-going development of courses
Conduct nationally impactful research and build the research capacity and reputation of UniSA Business, contributing to its international reputation
Attract external funding that includes competitive grant schemes with demonstrated success through national funding councils
Contribute to the leadership of the Academic Unit through mentoring other academic team members and participation in Academic Unit planning and strategic initiatives

Essential Skills and Experience



Relevant doctoral degree with advanced foundational discipline-based research, together with a nationally recognised record of achievement in scholarship and learning, especially as it relates to data analytics in accounting or related fields
Current and relevant knowledge of developments in the discipline informed by continuing scholarship and/or continuing industry engagement
Excellent ability and experience to undertake high quality teaching activities that reflect contemporary pedagogical, student and professional/industry needs and standards
Success establishing research interactions and developing partnerships between academia, government, industry, the community and the profession
Highly developed interpersonal skills and the ability and credibility to communicate with impact

Benefits and Culture

At UniSA you’ll enjoy a dynamic and agile culture where colleagues thrive on collaboration and breaking new ground. A competitive remuneration package, generous superannuation contributions, relocation support and a range of other benefits are available to ensure you enjoy a healthy work/life balance and enviable lifestyle working and living in Adelaide.

How to Apply

For a copy of the position description, further information and to apply visit Working at UniSA. The online application form will list the specific selection criteria that you need to address. Please address your cover letter to Georgie Hart, Recruitment Consultant. For further information confidential enquiries are welcome to Georgie on +618 8302 1700 or by email to recruitment@unisa.edu.au using job reference number 4072.

Applications close: 11.30pm Monday 30 May 2022

#LI-DNI"
8,8,"Assignment with Federal Government
Location : Canberra
12 months Contract + 12 months extension
About the Organisation
A large federal government department that develops and implements policies and programs to ensure Australia’s industries remain competitive, profitable, and sustainable.

About the role
You will be part of a fast moving; complex area working collaboratively with Analytics Growth section and engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio. This is a 12-month assignment commencing in first week of July 2022 located in Canberra.

Responsibilities include:

Ability to organise, cleaning data into usable formats and maintain a high integrity of data.
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches.
Working with business to understand data requirements, issues and find answers to business questions.
Organising data into usable formats - Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools .
Skills and Experience
Applicants with an eligibility to obtain baseline security clearance will be considered for this position.

Experience working within ICT and business systems teams to define/confirm requirements.
Strong data collation, management and analytics skills including an ability to interrogate data sets and identify and synthesise patterns and trends and communicates these in plain English.
Strong communication skills to engage with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Relevant tertiary qualifications or comparable industry experience.
Demonstrate Statistical analysis, Azure solutions for data analytics, Azure Devops and Power BI skills are desirable
How to apply
If this role is of interest to you and you would like to know more then please don’t hesitate to contact Aureen Vaz | avaz@dfp.com.au | 02 6162 7335.

DFP welcomes applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds and people with disability. In addition, DFP will provide reasonable adjustments for individuals with disability throughout the recruitment process. If you identify as a person with disability and require adjustments to the application, recruitment, selection and/or assessment process, please advise via adjustments@dfp.com.au or 1300 337 000 and indicate your preferred method of communication (email, phone, text) so we can keep in touch and meet your accessibility needs.

Note: You may be required to provide evidence of your COVID-19 vaccination status.
JO-2205-481536"
9,9,"Xero is a beautiful, easy-to-use platform that helps small businesses and their accounting and bookkeeping advisors grow and thrive.

At Xero, our purpose is to make life better for people in small business, their advisors, and communities around the world. This purpose sits at the centre of everything we do. We support our people to do the best work of their lives so that they can help small businesses succeed through better tools, information and connections. Because when they succeed they make a difference, and when millions of small businesses are making a difference, the world is a more beautiful place.

The best teams deserve the best, so whether your preference is working from a #beautiful environment in our brand new Hawthorn HQ office (barista made coffee included) or comfortably at home; Xero is here to support and encourage you through a range of benefits. We love rewarding our people. You’ll feel at home here. It's time to start loving Mondays again!

About the role:

As a Senior Business Analyst within our History & Notes team, you will support product leaders and development teams to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes to Xero’s global audit trail. You’ll join our cross functional team of engineers, product designers and product managers to improve the global audit trail that scales across Xero’s small business product suite.

You will build a deep understanding of our customer and business problems through data driven & technical analysis, translate these insights back to the team, organise work to be done, and contribute towards solutions that solve problems to realise customer and business value.

You’ll do this in a variety of operating modes: early stage research, current state analysis & mapping, collaborating with stakeholders, analysing and synthesising data, and defining requirements.

What you'll do:
Bring your natural curiosity, detailed approach and customer-oriented thinking to everything you do.
Build an understanding of how the product fits into Xero's strategy, objectives and future growth aspirations
Navigate and build networks across Xero to analyse & communicate how the global audit trail product fits together with the wider Xero product suite, considering architectural, technical & data lenses
Perform detailed business analysis to translate the customer & business problems into actionable user stories for the team
Work closely with technical and business stakeholders across Xero to gather and document requirements as features, epics & tasks including dependencies
Work closely with architects and tech leads to understand detailed system design and translate it into stories
Perform analysis (scenario, compliance, customer, data, gap, change, etc) in order to articulate business needs and solution requirements
Produce As Is and To Be Process Maps
Develop process models, data models, business rules, workflows, reporting and other required outputs
Support the Product Manager to manage the backlog to ensure it follows the product roadmap and strategy
Contribute to refining, sizing and estimating the product backlog
Provide support between stages of product development to ensure continuity and cohesiveness, and alignment of product to strategy and roadmap
As a proactive self-starter you’ll identify things that need attention and ensure the development and product leadership team are aware of them ahead of time.
Enjoy investigating and learning how things work; finding answers to help solve customer and business problems and figuring out where to find them
Develop positive and constructive relationships with your wider cross-functional team; including Product, Engineers, Designers, Delivery Coaches, Architects, Data, CX, and external customers
Maintain a strong understanding of the product roadmap for the teams you work with and how they align to Xero’s strategic vision, direction and priorities
Contribute to a fun working environment, living Xero’s values, with a customer-centric focus to achieve great, strategically-aligned outcomes for Xero
How you'll measure success:
You deliver quality insights and recommendations to support product decision making
You work as a liaison among stakeholders in order to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes to the product
You define stories and acceptance criteria that will lead to quality, valuable products being developed, meeting the needs of our customers and aligning to business goals/OKRs
You support activities which lead to clear actions for the team to progress with
The development teams and product stakeholders you work with will hold you in high regard and want to work with you. They value the contribution you make and how you make it.
You communicate clearly and effectively to the development teams and product stakeholders, so that everyone understands the value of each user story that is being delivered
The product backlog is up to date ready for prioritisation, aligned to goals and vision
You are contributing to team OKRs
There are no surprises for any stakeholders because you’ve been proactive in identifying and raising things to be aware of well ahead of time
You’ll be actively working on your personal development plan to either be an even more awesome Business Analyst, or the next steps in your career journey
What you'll bring with you:
Extensive experience as a business analysis within a reasonably complex and technical setting, (preferably SaaS, Fintech or accounting)
Strong analytical skills and evidence-based decision making
Ability to use multiple analysis techniques to interrogate evidence to accurately identify and define problems customer & business problems
Ability to build collaborative relationships at a team level, across different functions in a global environment and influence peers and other stakeholders
Fast learner, detail-oriented who enjoys fast-paced work
Applies product vision and strategy in their own decision making
Integrates data from multiple sources to deliver new insights to the team
An appreciation of data & data flows, formed through problem solving in a data-centric context
Hands on experience with agile processes and principles
Why Xero?

At Xero we support many types of flexible working arrangements that allow you to balance your work, your life and your passions. We offer a great remuneration package including shares plus a range of leave options to suit your well-being. Our work environment encourages continuous improvement and career development and you’ll get to work with the latest technology.

Our collaborative and inclusive culture is one we’re immensely proud of. We know that a diverse workforce is a strength that enables businesses, including ours, to better understand and serve customers, attract top talent and innovate successfully. We are a member of Pride in Diversity, in recognition of our inclusive workplace. So, from the moment you step through our doors, you’ll feel welcome and supported to do the best work of your life.

Xero strongly encourages employees and contractors to be vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to work from a Xero office, or engage in any face-to-face Xero business. Xero will work with anyone who is not vaccinated, or prefers not to disclose their vaccination status, to determine what reasonable accommodations can be provided to ensure their role can be performed safely."
10,10,"Macquarie is seeking an energetic and experienced Trading Analyst to join its Asian Power, Gas and Emissions team.

Based in Sydney, you will join a team with an active trading, structuring and financing presence across a number of energy and environmental markets in the region including Australia, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore. The team engages in these markets in a number of ways including financial trading and derivatives sales, physical supply and delivery, and value creation for our clients by combining our trading and risk management capabilities to provide innovative solutions. You will have exposure to a fast paced trading desk that is dealing at the forefront of the changing nature of both Australian power and regional carbon markets.

We are looking for a commercially driven individual to join our growing team in an electricity/carbon analyst and execution role. You will have responsibility for analysing market data across electricity and carbon markets, creating pricing models as well as providing support to traders with real-time position keeping, deal recording and trade execution. You will demonstrate the ability to think independently to provide innovative products and solutions to existing and new clients and counterparties, drawing on your experience and interest in global energy markets and the energy transition.

You will demonstrate success in this role through the ability to analyse market data, create models which forecast supply/demand dynamics, support the trading desk operations and possess a strong knowledge of electricity and carbon policies across Australia and New Zealand. This role will suit those with a keen interest in energy and environmental markets, a strong commercial drive and outcome focus, passion for innovating and exploring new markets and opportunities in volatile and dynamic markets in a fast paced setting.

To be successful in the role, ideally you will come with:


3-5 years of experience in the National Electricity Market
Strong commercial acumen, drive and outcome focus
Demonstrated power and carbon trading experience and ability to independently interact with internal and external stakeholders of different seniority
Intellectual curiosity for energy markets and commercial opportunities arising from energy transition
Strong financial literacy including understanding of financial products and derivatives, ability to analyse market data to articulate broader themes and modelling skills in Excel
Demonstrated experience in an analyst/power trading role within the NEM and the development of new opportunities



About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-964468
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Commodities, Data & Analytics, Trading
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Division: Commodity Markets and Finance
Recruiter: Reveka Papadopoulos
Opening Date: 13/4/2022"
11,11,"READY FOR ANYTHING


At IAG, we live and work by our purpose to make your world a safer place. We are motivated by a unique culture that celebrates honesty, creativity, empathy, equity and collaboration. We call it the IAG way, and it means we all share a ‘ready for anything’ mindset that sets the tone for positive actions and positive outcomes. We put heart into everything we do which guides us to create amazing things for our customers, our people and our communities.


We’re brimming with ideas, ambition and a readiness to apply bold thinking and risk awareness to make a difference where it matters most.


As the largest general insurance group in Australia and New Zealand, we own some of the region’s most trusted brands, including NRMA Insurance, CGU, SGIO, SGIC and WFI. We are ready for anything.


We have an exciting opportunity for a Reporting & Governance Analyst to join our team. The purpose of this role is to support the delivery of Decommissioning and Technical Debt services to squads across Technology in accordance with established frameworks. For your role to make a difference, you will work collaboratively with projects, initiatives, remediation and/or continuous improvement activity, acting as a SME providing advice, guidance and deliverables as required.


Key Responsibilities


Enable effective and efficient project delivery through the design, implementation, evolution and management of systems and processes including but not limited to:
Lead the establishment and ongoing maintenance of the Decommissioning Delivery and Technical Debt framework and associated templates, tools and governance
Support maintenance of consolidated project and financials, including Decommissioning forecasts for both costs and benefits
Maintenance and provision of department capacity views
Ensure decom squad compliance with GT/ePMO demand and capacity obligations
Champion Agile and Lean methodologies, and drive a culture of accountability at source, collaboration, and continuous improvement towards a world leading contemporary delivery framework
Support project logistics as required


Skills & Experience


Undergraduate / postgraduate degrees in Science, Engineering, Business or IT qualifications preferred
3 years of demonstrable experience working in a project delivery environment
Demonstrated exposure to varying project delivery methodologies, including Agile or other frameworks
Good understanding use of Jira, Confluence SharePoint, Excel and Microsoft project & project management tools
Good working experience in project management -scope, budget, timeline & stakeholder management
Experience working with technical (application and infrastructure) and business stakeholders


Ready for anything? Let’s talk.


Start your career journey with us Applications close on 3rd of June at 23.59pm.


IAG rewards and recognises its people with generous benefits, career development opportunities and real work-life balance. Employees also enjoy 13% superannuation, up to 50% insurance discounts, flexible work and leave options, generous parental leave and return to work programs, various corporate partner discounts and a people-focused culture that celebrates achievements big and small.


Creating a workforce that actively embraces diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging is key to our success. We believe in treating everyone fairly which means that inclusion, removing barriers, striving for equity and embracing diversity are woven through our values and behaviours. We encourage applications from all backgrounds and communities and are committed to providing a work environment that enables you to thrive, whatever your circumstances. If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements please advise us via your application.


IAG has committed to the reconciliation movement in Australia for First Nations people and focus on providing a safe and supportive work environment for all our employees. More information on our Reconciliation Action Plan can be found on our company website."
12,12,"See yourself in our team
Technology is responsible for the world leading application of technology across every aspect of CommBank, from innovative product platforms for our customers to essential tools within our business.
Within Technology, the Chief Data and Analytics Office (CDAO) develops the Group’s data strategy, data policy, standards and governance, and provides Data Warehouse and Data Lake platforms, architectures, and enabling technologies. The team also facilitates a wide data analytics community that shares best practices and innovations, and builds data talent and capabilities.
You will work within the Risk Engineering team who are responsible for the revamp and migration of our credit decisioning engine.


Do work that matters
As a Senior Technical Business Analyst, you will provide specialist support for projects and operations by defining business and functional requirements and analyse business needs and requirements to identify opportunities for improvement in business and process.
Core Responsibilities
Convert business needs into functional designs using knowledge of system capabilities, data, rules, and architecture
Identify and manage gaps, determining the effectiveness of proposed solution, facilitate writing user stories with the team and develop Business Requirements documents and models
Work closely with stakeholders and change management to identify impacts to business processes as a result of system or application changes
Evaluate effectiveness of solution delivery (SDLC) tools, processes and methodologies, and make recommendations for continuous improvement
In depth data analysis and help inform business requirements
Work with data analytics and help to optimise and understand large amounts of data
Effectively communicate to stakeholders, manage conflicts, issues, and change to ensure stakeholders and project team members remain in agreement on solution scope.
Skills & Experience
Technical business analysis experience in banking/financial services domain
Strong SQL, data analysis skills. Ability to render analysis to business stakeholders
Ability to write requirements, user stories and use SQL in database management systems
Demonstrated experience for data/interface mapping and system integration
Strong communication skills required to comfortably deal with, manage and influence stakeholders
Demonstrated Agile experience working in large, complex teams.
If you have the above skill, experience and passion, we would love to hear from you! Apply today.
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority. This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 03/06/2022"
13,13,"Company Description

Welcome to This Australian Life.
From the millions of Australians we protect, to those that make it happen every day at TAL, people really are what we’re all about. We want to grow with you. Achieve with you. And support you to do your best work. That's why we're focused on developing leadership, promoting diversity, rewarding excellence and retaining great talent.
We're always looking for people who want to go further with us. People who do what’s right, aim high, and work smart. Why not see where we can go?


Job Description

As an IFRS17 Business Analyst you will work with the IFRS team, Finance, and managers across TAL to develop reports and ways of explaining TAL’s financial results to TAL’s management, shareholders and regulators. You will help drive and finalise required reporting, planning and budgeting solutions and long term forecasting including amendments to existing reports.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Implementing required changes for proforma Statutory Financial Reports
Documentation of accounting guidance notes and policies
Assisting with the changes required for TAL management, Dai-ichi (Ultimate Foreign Parent company) and Board reporting
Delivering necessary input and changes to long term planning and forecasting
Working with the Finance System Specialists to direct necessary mapping required for inputs into and out of general ledger
Finalising design of sub-ledger/general ledger
Developing a controls framework including data reconciliation


Qualifications

To be successful in this role you will have:
A chartered accountant qualification with a minimum 6 years’ experience (3 post qualification)
A strong and demonstrated understanding of existing standards (including IFRS 17 knowledge)
Experience working within Life Insurance
Good time management and prioritisation skills
Ability to investigate and resolve complex issues
High attention to detail
Direct experience in financial reporting and interpretation
Good communication and inter-personal skills
Strong stakeholder engagement
Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
You’re always accountable for your actions. You never give up. You strive to find the best outcomes for customers and partners. And you value working together to find the best solutions for problems.

Additional Information

Work is a big part of this Australian life, and we work hard to make it one of the best parts. We don’t just say it; we do it. We offer a workplace that’s inclusive and flexible, supporting our people with options that let them make the most of their careers.
We know the value of having different people from all walks of life, with varied points of view and attributes regardless of their age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status or any disabilities they might be living with. We strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace where a sense of belonging encourages people to bring their full selves to work.
#LI-Hybrid
Everyone at TAL has a responsibility to do the right thing and is accountable for the way they conduct themselves. Our expectations are that you follow the principles set out in our Code of Conduct when you come to work every day. Risk management is everyone’s responsibility.
If you are already a TAL employee please apply via the SmartRecruiters button in Workday and navigate to the Employee Portal. This is important to ensure that your application is recorded accurately."
14,14,"Job description
Arvensys Technologies is a well-established organization offering Software Services and Partnered IT Products & Solutions. We are looking for a Business Analyst who will be the Vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by implementing and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software needs based in Sydney NSW for a full time role.
ICT business analysts work with users to formulate system requirements, develop system plans and documentation, review and evaluate existing systems, and design and modify systems to meet users' business needs including Robotics Process Automation (RPA) technology to create automated solutions for the business. The role is a key link between the technical team, Process Excellence and business stakeholders to ensure effective solutions are delivered which drive meaningful and measurable business value.
The role will analyze and document complex business processes (AS-IS and TO-BE) for targeted processes. The candidate would also support the facilitation of discovery sessions across multiple teams and business units and lead the adoption / implementation activities associated within the business.
The Business Analyst works with cross-functional teams and business units to understand, challenge and provide thought leadership on strategy to achieve the company’s goals through business and technology transformation. They identify automation opportunities, define RPA value proposition and re-engineer processes to improve automation potential.
Key Responsibilities:
Partner with the Business Process Owner(s) and Process Excellence Team members to develop a deep end-to-end understanding of processes targeted for automation and outline the impacted processes and business requirements
Engage with cross-functional teams to develop business requirements documentation of the process to be automated in a manner that is understood by the business users and can be shared with solution design and development teams
Proactively communicate, collaborate, lead and participate in various stakeholder workshops and engagements like requirements gathering, validation, discovery playbacks and showcases, to deliver product’s functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.
Preparing artefacts supporting project delivery (traceability matrix, solutions gap analysis, support creation of service transition artefacts as required)
Works with Technical Team members to facilitate the planning and execution
Work with Business Units to perform value analysis (ROI) for the processes
Coordinate with the business and technical team to identify and provide support for solution designs for production issues and enhancements
Identify scope, benefits, constraints, and risks, capture and document current processes
Identify and document best practices
Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to drive out requirements
Consider change management implications for implementation of new processes
Deliver key business analysis artifacts, using best practices and tools, for the design, solution and execution of medium and large projects
Document and diagram the existing environment and data-flows
Gather non-functional requirements such as security, capacity performance and availability
Act as a liaison between business and technical resources
Recommend ‘to-be’ process map designs using Cross-functional flowcharts.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Conduct Process diagnostics & opportunity identification
Define requirements, creating user stories
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Creating Business Case and ROI which can be submitted for review and approvals
Essential Knowledge and Skills:
Strong customer service focus with the proven ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members, stakeholders and management. Demonstrate strong collaboration across all levels of the organization
Ability to work independently, with limited supervision
Effective Persuasive Communication including the ability to influence SMEs and business stakeholders toward change, automation and continuous improvement
Knowledge of best practices with process improvement and operational excellence
Understand the needs of and support a company with global operations
Ability to translate requirements into processes and controls
Strong analytical skills, coupled with a logical, disciplined and structured approach to documentation and procedures
Flexible and dynamic personality
Excellent spoken and written communication. Assertive and confident raising action points with senior individuals
Experience of working on major projects
Experience/knowledge of a range of technical platforms and solutions
Work with individuals to understand and build detailed process maps and business requirements documents
Ability to rapidly grasp processes and identify potential solutions
Integrate leading practices on process discovery & mapping into the day-to-day delivery of business requirements documents
A team player that is willing to learn and adapt in a high pace delivery environment
Desirable Knowledge and Skills:
Good to have JIRA, Confluence experience
Experience working with automation software (e.g., UiPath)
Experience writing SQL queries for data analysis
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $75,000.00 – $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
15,15,"Company Description

Welcome to This Australian Life.
From the millions of Australians we protect, to those that make it happen every day at TAL, people really are what we’re all about. We want to grow with you. Achieve with you. And support you to do your best work. That's why we're focused on developing leadership, promoting diversity, rewarding excellence and retaining great talent.
We're always looking for people who want to go further with us. People who do what’s right, aim high, and work smart. Why not see where we can go?


Job Description

As an IFRS17 Business Analyst you will work with the IFRS team, Finance, and managers across TAL to develop reports and ways of explaining TAL’s financial results to TAL’s management, shareholders and regulators. You will help drive and finalise required reporting, planning and budgeting solutions and long term forecasting including amendments to existing reports.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Implementing required changes for proforma Statutory Financial Reports
Documentation of accounting guidance notes and policies
Assisting with the changes required for TAL management, Dai-ichi (Ultimate Foreign Parent company) and Board reporting
Delivering necessary input and changes to long term planning and forecasting
Working with the Finance System Specialists to direct necessary mapping required for inputs into and out of general ledger
Finalising design of sub-ledger/general ledger
Developing a controls framework including data reconciliation


Qualifications

To be successful in this role you will have:
A chartered accountant qualification with a minimum 6 years’ experience (3 post qualification)
A strong and demonstrated understanding of existing standards (including IFRS 17 knowledge)
Experience working within Life Insurance
Good time management and prioritisation skills
Ability to investigate and resolve complex issues
High attention to detail
Direct experience in financial reporting and interpretation
Good communication and inter-personal skills
Strong stakeholder engagement
Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
You’re always accountable for your actions. You never give up. You strive to find the best outcomes for customers and partners. And you value working together to find the best solutions for problems.

Additional Information

Work is a big part of this Australian life, and we work hard to make it one of the best parts. We don’t just say it; we do it. We offer a workplace that’s inclusive and flexible, supporting our people with options that let them make the most of their careers.
We know the value of having different people from all walks of life, with varied points of view and attributes regardless of their age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status or any disabilities they might be living with. We strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace where a sense of belonging encourages people to bring their full selves to work.
#LI-Hybrid
Everyone at TAL has a responsibility to do the right thing and is accountable for the way they conduct themselves. Our expectations are that you follow the principles set out in our Code of Conduct when you come to work every day. Risk management is everyone’s responsibility.
If you are already a TAL employee please apply via the SmartRecruiters button in Workday and navigate to the Employee Portal. This is important to ensure that your application is recorded accurately."
16,16,"Job description
Arvensys Technologies is a well-established organization offering Software Services and Partnered IT Products & Solutions. We are looking for a Business Analyst who will be the Vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by implementing and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software needs based in Sydney NSW for a full time role.
ICT business analysts work with users to formulate system requirements, develop system plans and documentation, review and evaluate existing systems, and design and modify systems to meet users' business needs including Robotics Process Automation (RPA) technology to create automated solutions for the business. The role is a key link between the technical team, Process Excellence and business stakeholders to ensure effective solutions are delivered which drive meaningful and measurable business value.
The role will analyze and document complex business processes (AS-IS and TO-BE) for targeted processes. The candidate would also support the facilitation of discovery sessions across multiple teams and business units and lead the adoption / implementation activities associated within the business.
The Business Analyst works with cross-functional teams and business units to understand, challenge and provide thought leadership on strategy to achieve the company’s goals through business and technology transformation. They identify automation opportunities, define RPA value proposition and re-engineer processes to improve automation potential.
Key Responsibilities:
Partner with the Business Process Owner(s) and Process Excellence Team members to develop a deep end-to-end understanding of processes targeted for automation and outline the impacted processes and business requirements
Engage with cross-functional teams to develop business requirements documentation of the process to be automated in a manner that is understood by the business users and can be shared with solution design and development teams
Proactively communicate, collaborate, lead and participate in various stakeholder workshops and engagements like requirements gathering, validation, discovery playbacks and showcases, to deliver product’s functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.
Preparing artefacts supporting project delivery (traceability matrix, solutions gap analysis, support creation of service transition artefacts as required)
Works with Technical Team members to facilitate the planning and execution
Work with Business Units to perform value analysis (ROI) for the processes
Coordinate with the business and technical team to identify and provide support for solution designs for production issues and enhancements
Identify scope, benefits, constraints, and risks, capture and document current processes
Identify and document best practices
Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to drive out requirements
Consider change management implications for implementation of new processes
Deliver key business analysis artifacts, using best practices and tools, for the design, solution and execution of medium and large projects
Document and diagram the existing environment and data-flows
Gather non-functional requirements such as security, capacity performance and availability
Act as a liaison between business and technical resources
Recommend ‘to-be’ process map designs using Cross-functional flowcharts.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Conduct Process diagnostics & opportunity identification
Define requirements, creating user stories
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Creating Business Case and ROI which can be submitted for review and approvals
Essential Knowledge and Skills:
Strong customer service focus with the proven ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members, stakeholders and management. Demonstrate strong collaboration across all levels of the organization
Ability to work independently, with limited supervision
Effective Persuasive Communication including the ability to influence SMEs and business stakeholders toward change, automation and continuous improvement
Knowledge of best practices with process improvement and operational excellence
Understand the needs of and support a company with global operations
Ability to translate requirements into processes and controls
Strong analytical skills, coupled with a logical, disciplined and structured approach to documentation and procedures
Flexible and dynamic personality
Excellent spoken and written communication. Assertive and confident raising action points with senior individuals
Experience of working on major projects
Experience/knowledge of a range of technical platforms and solutions
Work with individuals to understand and build detailed process maps and business requirements documents
Ability to rapidly grasp processes and identify potential solutions
Integrate leading practices on process discovery & mapping into the day-to-day delivery of business requirements documents
A team player that is willing to learn and adapt in a high pace delivery environment
Desirable Knowledge and Skills:
Good to have JIRA, Confluence experience
Experience working with automation software (e.g., UiPath)
Experience writing SQL queries for data analysis
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $75,000.00 – $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
17,17,"Work with and contribute to a world class financial reporting team.
Our Financial Management Group’s strategy is to strengthen foundations and enable growth. It's through our culture of being curious, generous and bold that we are able to partner with our customers to deliver quality solutions for complex demands and adapt to market, business and regulatory-driven change.
Joining our Group Financial Reporting team in Sydney as an Executive, supporting the Head of Group Financial Reporting, your voice, passion, and vision will empower and steer this crucial team towards meeting their objectives.
This is an exciting and rare opportunity to develop breadth and depth of expertise, demonstrate measurable value and deliver key financial reports, several of which form part of the group’s reporting to its external stakeholders that include shareholders and other providers of capital. In this role you will be responsible for assisting in the production of key group external financial reporting deliverables that include group, bank and non-bank interim and annual financial statements, related regulatory reports and other reports that rely on related financial information.
With a global lens, you will be partnering with the broader financial reporting team as well as other finance teams group regulatory reporting teams, the group’s Accounting Policy and Advisory Group and Group Financial Planning and Analysis across our Financial Management Group and other functions such as our legal and governance team.
You will also be responsible for the production of several deliverables for the consideration of internal governance committees and participating in several financial reporting-related projects that contribute to the continued success of this function. In addition, you will assist in preparation of board audit committee documents and board papers.
Your knowledge of financial reporting and controls will be leveraged to regularly engage and consult with the data team, business units, risk management and the senior leadership team. You will also be interested in improving operational processes, providing financial reporting advice, interpreting regulatory reporting requirements within a business context and enjoy communicating with a variety of stakeholders.
You will also be involved in implementation of strategic projects including:
opportunities for automation
process improvement opportunities
creating efficiencies on a regular basis.
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
a tertiary degree in Business/Commerce and hold or working towards a CA
previous experience and knowledge of Financial Statements and Accounting requirements and standards (Australian Accounting Standards / International Financial Reporting Standards)
good relationship building skills and stakeholder management skills will also be paramount to your success in this role.
If you have a collaborative approach, are curious with the ability to learn and adapt quickly whilst adhering to change, then apply today.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-963468
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Junior, Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Badrul Alam
Opening Date: 25/2/2022"
18,18,"About Ofload
Ofload are the fastest growing technology start-up in the Australian logistics space with the ambitious goal of eliminating all waste in road freight. Every third truck on Australian roads today drives empty, we use technology to efficiently allocate supply and demand, and thereby eliminate the enormous waste in the industry.


Why join us?
We have just raised $20m Series A at $100m+ valuation!
Our business is set to grow by 10X in value to 1B in the next 24 months so it’s a huge opportunity to develop career defining moments.
Our team is outcomes focused - we value and embrace flexible working to enable your best working conditions.

More info about us and our amazing team:


About the opportunity
This role will be in our Operations team to conduct data analysis on industry and client data, assist in pricing/costing, work on large tender submissions, and other analytical tasks.

About you


You are a strong operator and enthusiastic self-starter who is eager to get your foot in the door as an early member at a fast paced, rapidly growing technology start up.
You want to get your hands dirty and assist in building data modelling from scratch, to assist in providing meaningful business insights
You take a high degree of ownership in your work and are ready to attack unfamiliar problems with high energy and a refusal to settle. You are enthusiastic to learn new skills and thrive in a fast-paced high growth environment.

Responsibilities


Conduct analysis of client and industry data such as volumes, pricing, freight flows, etc.
Working with the Sales and Operations teams to develop pricing
Assist in the optimisation of freight movements - a core part of our vision to reduce waste in the freight industry
General analysis for the Operations and Sales teams as required
Possess 2-3 years post-grad experience in a consulting, finance, or other similar analytical role
MUST have advanced Excel and data analytical skills
Ability to work proactively, loves a challenge, and is passionate about process improvement
Experience with SQL & Tableau will be advantageous
Great communication skills as you will be working with a wide range of stakeholders both internally and externally
More about our culture
We embrace our differences
To innovate, we collaborate
Change the game with Tech
Get behind the wheel at Ofload
Have a truckload of fun!

Benefits
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours, we value work-life balance
Gourmet shared breakfasts
Pet friendly offices
Sponsored social and team events
Yearly offsite event - 20% work 80% play!
Awesome Ofload swag
Cool warehouse office space with pool table, snacks, friday drinks and more

Awards & Articles about Ofload
Ofload gets $100m valuation with new $20m cash injection
Ofload an ABA100 Winner for Digital Innovation in The Australian Business Awards 2021
Ofload an ABA100® Winner for Tech Innovation in The Australian Business Awards 2021
Global VC Foundamental makes first local investment in Ofload
60th Supply Chain & Logistics Association of Australia Start-Up Award Finalist"
19,19,"2 Years Temporary, full-time role
Location – Armidale, Coffs Harbour, Dubbo or Queanbeyan (other locations within Regional NSW will be considered)
Salary from $99,431 plus super and leave loading
Clerk Grade 7/8
Who is the Department of Regional NSW? Why work for us?
Our Department is responsible for building resilient regional economies and communities, strengthening primary industries, managing the use of regional land, overseeing the state’s mineral and mining resources and ensuring government investment in regional NSW is fair and delivers positive outcomes for local communities and businesses.
We encourage applicants from all backgrounds including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQ+ community, veterans, refugees, and people with disability. We support an inclusive workplace where staff have access to opportunities and resources at all levels, enabling our team members to drive innovation, productivity and delivery of high-quality services. We provide dignified access to reasonable adjustments both during the recruitment process and in the workplace. If you require reasonable adjustment during the recruitment process, please call or text the contact for this role.
About the role
The Investment Attraction Analyst is responsible for providing high quality data, advice and insights across priority sectors in Regional NSW to increase competitiveness and assist in the attraction of new investment, whilst supporting investors through a range of facilitation services.
Key responsibilities for the Investment Attraction Analyst role include, but not limited to:
Support the development and execution of investment attraction initiatives and provide fundamental data and insights to encourage inward investment
Prepare high quality presentations on industry sectors and trends, and advise on commercial opportunities
Contribute to advice to sector leads, Director and Executive Director on linkages between market trends, regional endowments, priority precincts and inward investment
Prepare and maintain project documentation for reporting, monitoring and evaluation and support effective decision making
Communicate with key stakeholders to support policy and legislative requirements for the delivery of divisional activities
Provide customer service and support investors in making strategic investment decisions through provision of facilitation services
This role will be delivering a range of project management and support services, given tight deadlines, limited resources and the need to manage competing priorities.
This role will report to the Investment Manager. To see the exciting projects the team is working on currently check out Invest Regional NSW: Overview | LinkedIn
About You
You will be a highly motivated professional with proven project and relationship management experience and the ability to manage client and stakeholder relationships professionally and confidently. You will have a passion and in-depth understanding of the issues facing Regional NSW, as well as the markets and industries that will play a key role in the development of our regions.
Key knowledge and experience
Knowledge of economic analysis and measurement methodologies, including contemporary models to undertake impact assessments of activities and projects.
Ability to identify key data points and prepare infographic documents to drive strategic investment discussions, including managing and updating data sets.
Understanding of commercial drivers and realities, and insight into how Government can support economic transformation.
Essential requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, trade, statistics, commerce, business management or public policy (with a strong data analysis component) or equivalent.
Experienced in contemporary data visualisation and presentation techniques including data dashboards and online presentation tools.
Evidence of the COVID-19 vaccination must be provided upon commencement of employment. This is a condition of engagement should you be successfully appointed to a position within the Department of Regional NSW (which includes Local Land Services and the Soil Conservation Service).
Current NSW Driver Licence
Applying for the Role
Apply by submitting a current resume and brief cover letter (maximum 2 pages) that outlines your skills and experience relevant to the role.
Application Closing Date – Thursday 26 May 2022 11:55pm
For further information about this opportunity please contact Mark McClean - Director Investment Attraction on 0412 981 110 or via mark.mcclean@regional.nsw.gov.au
Please view the role description here.
Additional Information
A talent pool may be created from this recruitment action for ongoing and temporary roles of the same standard that may become available for filling over the next eighteen months. The successful applicant in this role may be required to undergo a police check, health assessment and other assessments as required.
All Department of Regional NSW employees are required to show evidence of:
being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine and; or
having an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or approved COVID19 Vaccination medical exemption at the time of your application submission."
20,20,"Job no: 53850962
Brand: Australia Post
Categories: Corporate Services
Work type: Permanent Full Time
State: VIC
Location: Melbourne

Our business is evolving, and this is your chance to add value to our changing landscape!
At Australia Post, we help communities to thrive. Our ambition for the Post Office is to be a leading-edge marketplace that connects Australians with the world. We are more than just Australia Post; we are The People’s Post Office.
Payroll Operations is in a continual state of change due to legislation and policy updates. The continual changes result in the management of those aspects of change on a consistent basis to the point where the impacted processes and systems are realigned.
The position is responsible for the coordination and production of highly sensitive outputs such as payroll relevant reports relevant for EBA negotiations, restructures and the continual BAU requests for payroll reports across all business functions. The position is also responsible for oversight of the hygiene of the information in our SAP HR/ Payroll system.
What you`ll do -
The position is in Payroll Operations which is made up of several teams including Payroll Services, HR & Payroll Administration, Time & Attendance, Organisational Management and Reporting. Payroll Operations provides a range of transactional and administrative services for the Australia Post Group and our external business customers.
The position works closely with the Payroll Operations Team, middle to upper level managers, P&C COE teams and their leaders, the Senior Application Controllers as well as stakeholders across the business to ensure timely, accurate and complete data reporting requirements and analysis and understand the appropriate legislative and policy changes.
Responsibilities –
Manage requests via the reporting inbox, ServiceNow and directly from our stakeholders.
Create bespoke payroll, organisational and time data reports via reporting tools, including Spinifex and others. Some highly sensitive in nature.
Manage high demand stakeholders and provide solutions to their requests into high level simplified formats.
Extract and analyse workforce data and prepare reports, with supporting commentary.
Provide data, metrics and analysis responding to ad-hoc requests from authorised business areas and initiatives.
Proactive management of the cleanliness of information in our HR systems by reporting on the data and leveraging on the rest of the payroll operations team to remediate any shortfalls in the data.
Work with the Payroll Operations team to automate or simplify existing data reporting and gathering requirements through the use of a number of platforms and programs.
Run with the compliance program of works that the Payroll Operations leadership team define each year
Develop and maintain strong relationships with the business to inspire and deliver the commercial value proposition of data
Proactively collaborate with internal teams to workshop solutions for business problems
Analyse large, multi-dimensional datasets, identifying actionable insights and recommendations
Define, develop, and communicate information and data classification standards to promote consistent data practices
What we are looking for -
Essential to this role is the attention to detail and advanced analytical skills, as well as a strong knowledge of Payroll.
Experience in SAP and using Spinifex will be highly regarded.
You will also have experience in the use of workforce reporting tools including advanced MS Excel features to provide quality artefacts.
The role requires the applicant to be organised and able to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment to ensure SLA’s area always met.
For us, an engaging, enjoyable workplace is the foundation for great work, which is why your attitude and your passion, is just as important to us as your experience. We offer competitive salary in an equal opportunity workforce. We encourage applications from people of all ages, including indigenous Australian’s and those with a disability.
Want to be part of our diverse and transforming business? You could play a key role in our future as we continue to connect all Australians, support businesses and communities and evolve our products and services. To register your interest with our careers team, click on ‘’ button and submit your resume!
Advertised: 20 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 30 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
21,21,"Job Description:
DXC Technology (NYSE:DXC) - where brilliant people embrace change and seize opportunities to advance their careers and amplify customer success. People are the heart of our business. We support each other and work as a team, globally and locally to deliver excellence for our customers and colleagues. We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services that move the world. DXC.com
DXC Consulting guides organisations on their digital transformation. We understand that success on your digital journey requires depth of expertise in multiple areas as well as a holistic delivery approach. We have the technology independence, global talent and extensive partner alliance to help you get there.
Do you want to play a pivotal role in the transformational journey for a mining client? DXC Consulting has an excellent opening for an Agile Business Analyst to be based in Perth
What you will do:
Act as the liaison between IT and the business; identify initiatives through business requirements and evolving business capabilities; contribute to business strategy
Translate business requirements into IT requirements
Facilitate workshops in person and remotely
Collaborate with data mining operations, design, and architecture resources for the operational reporting and analytics, with operational metrics (KPIs) related to site processing
Act as Agile Business Analyst throughout project life cycles - support DevOps, Artefacts and project close out
What you will bring to the role:
A minimum of 5 years + experience in a Business Analyst role
SAFe Scaled Agile working knowledge and familiarity with the framework
End-to-end mining domain experience
Capabilities in Operational Data Platform deployments highly regarded
Working knowledge of collaboration tools such as MIRO & MS Teams
Excellent communicator able to cultivate working relationships at all levels of business
Awareness of Scrum and Kanban
Exposure to projects using MS Azure and IoT
Ability to work across hybrid deliver models (Waterfall and Agile)
Willing to travel to site (if and when required as a hybrid mix of working from home and the office is in place)
Our culture and benefits
DXC is committed to building better futures for our customers, colleagues, environment, and communities. We take care of each other and foster a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship. We put this to action developing and implementing societal initiatives within our Social Impact Practice . #WeAreDXC
Our “people first” philosophy means we offer competitive remuneration, benefits, training and career opportunities that reflect our commitment to improving the lives of our employees, and the communities in which we live and work.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer
DXC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we welcome submissions from people from all walks of life. We celebrate our diversity and recognize it is the unique contributions of our people that give us our edge. We stand by the ‘bring your whole-self to work’ philosophy. It is our inclusive culture that powers our results, and our company grows only if our people grow.
For more information, visit Consulting (dxc.com)"
22,22,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity
We are seeking Technical Business Analysts at multiple levels to join our EY Data and Analytics team ideally in our Melbourne and Sydney office but can also be based in any of the major Australian cities. Working with a high profile, blue chip client this role is offered on a flexible, full-time basis.

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 600 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations.

We go beyond strategy and provide end to end implementation of real-life data environments and have some of the best architects, project managers, business analysts, data scientists, big data engineers, developers and consultants in the region.

Your key responsibilities
Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions and digging around in the data when needed.
Understand key business processes by interviewing client stakeholders and represent processes in easily digestible diagrammatic formats to visually illustrate a sequence of steps to achieve and end goal.
Identify gaps in technical flows and suggest improvements to control environments.
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Have experience in business intelligence, data warehousing or advanced analytics projects.

Skills and attributes for success
Worked in a similar role for at least 2 years with a focus on data management in a consulting environment preferred but not mandatory.
Strong relationship building and stakeholder management skills;
Excellent written and verbal communications
Strong problem-solving experience
Ability to balance and prioritise activities, with the flexibility to quickly adapt to changing business demands

Ideally, you’ll also have
Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects
Exceptional communication, documentation and presentation skills

What we offer
A tech career at EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:
Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
23,23,"Job ID: 587289

Job type: Full Time - Permanent

Categories: Information Technology

Who we are

Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand. Through trusted relationships and world leading insight we work closely with our customers to design, build and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities.

Position summary

Downer is a leading provider of end-to-end Technology and Communications service solutions and offers integrated civil construction, wireless, electrical, fibre, copper and radio network deployment capability. We now have an opportunity for a Reporting Analyst to join our Technology & Innovation team based in North Ryde, NSW.

Working with large multi-disciplinary engineering and construction teams, you will elicit true business requirements and provide reporting to the project team and business users to enable decision making. This includes creating reporting data models, supporting operational reporting requirements created by the move to MS Dynamics and current reporting processes using Azure Data Factory , Azure SQL and Power BI . You will also provide support for the services running on the Power Platform i.e. PowerApps and PowerAutomate .

ABOUT YOU

Fundamental knowledge of database systems and data modelling

Sound understanding of BI Reporting tools and working with SQL databases

Willing and able to consider the bigger picture to enhance performance and results

Big picture thinker using this to influence and drive performance results

Team player seeking to create an environment for continuous improvement

Operates across the business through open communication and engagement.

WHAT WE OFFER

Supportive manager coupled with an established team

Suite of benefits including health and wellness initiatives

Personalised career growth working with an industry leader

Competitive remuneration with on-going training and support

Career enhancing opportunity to work within an ASX limited company.

For further information please contact michelle.hargreaves3@downergroup.com

Applications will not be accepted via email, please submit your application via the online advertisement.

How to apply

To apply for this great opportunity please click the button

Closing Date: 06 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
24,24,"Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst
PH-Calabarzon-Cainta
Description

Position Summary
The Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst is responsible for providing reporting and analytical support across the organization to enable data-driven decision-making and support strategic planning by Percepta leadership. As a key member of the Centralized Reporting Team, this position is responsible for an enterprise-wide approach to data management and reporting through business intelligence reporting initiatives. The team will create and maintain a variety of contact center operational reports, both automated and manually generated, and will be the key point of contact for operation leadership and client reporting needs.


Duties and Responsibilities


Work directly with clients and Percepta leadership to develop, design, enhance, and generate contact center reports for end users taking highly complex information and producing user-friendly reports for review by management and clients.
Continually seek to improve existing reporting processes, frequency, and distribution methods by incorporating automation techniques, initiatives, and technology trends.
Ensure the integrity and 100% accuracy of all reports distributed from the Centralized Reporting Team.
Key member of the project team responsible for designing and implementing an enterprise reporting model to include data governance guidelines
Standardize cross-departmental data definitions, KPIs, and calculations and ensure ongoing conformance to published standards
Partner with report users and the Percepta Data Warehouse team to create business requirements for new data warehouse feeds
Participate in development and UAT phases of all new reports and report enhancements
Provide organizational training for new users, training on new reports/report enhancements, and continued organizational awareness of reports availability
Develop procedures and operating instructions for all reporting processes and applications.
Provide production support through problems analysis and resolution to correct deficiencies within reporting applications.
Seek out new opportunities to evaluate data through the utilization of new technologies and tools
Actively participate in call routing discussions to identify data collection and reporting needs.
SME in terms of process and data collection for all applications utilized by the Reporting, Operations, and WFM teams.
Work on activities, projects, and requests for data extrapolation as requested by Percepta Leadership
Build skill sets and continue to develop proficiency of the department’s systems and applications ensuring Percepta remains on the cutting edge of Workforce Management within the industry that will facilitate the growth of yourself and Percepta within the industry


Education
Bachelor’s Degree / Related contact center reporting and analysis experience


Experience and Qualifications
Minimum 3 years of work experience as a contact center data and reporting analyst
Minimum 5 years of work experience in Microsoft Excel to include VBA, macros, pivot tables, and advanced functions
Experience with building reports and dashboards in PowerBI preferred
Experience with SQL, SharePoint Reporting, Access Databases
Oracle SQL Developer, MS SQL Management Studio, and MS Business Objects Experience Preferred
Must be able to draw conclusions from raw data and summarize results quickly and efficiently using logic and reasoning to identify conclusions and approaches to problems,
Technical understanding and experience with call center tools, telephony systems and contact management center systems (Avaya CMS, Aspect Workforce Management / eWFM)
Proven experience with MS office suite including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Access
Advanced Excel (formulas, Pivot Tables, Charting/Visualizations, Reporting, and Dashboard building, and VBA)
Understand requirements to maintain an accurate data/reporting environment that meets operational needs in the contact center industry
Experience with designing reports utilizing OLAP cubes as the data source.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, specifically an ability to communicate effectively across multiple management levels
Create a positive work environment that fosters successful team performance
Strong customer service, interpersonal and relationship-building skills
Exceptional time management skills and attention to detail
Detailed understanding of contact center metrics and relational impacts.


Other
Must be able to interact with all internal and external departments and contacts. Must represent Percepta professionally with all clients and external organizations and contacts.


Work Expectations
M-F Business hours, with occasional additional hours, if deadlines or business needs require
Must be available to work varied shifts if business needs change.


Physical and Logistical Requirements (Including equipment used)
The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions"
25,25,"Salary Range: $83,013-$86,511+ Attractive Superannuation
Contact Officer: Anne Guan 0410 276 544



The Actuarial Analyst will develop projections of future government liability and evaluate policy, which helps the department make sense of quantitative data and identify trends, taking account of risks and uncertainty.

Under guidance, the Actuarial Analyst will use longitudinal data and predictive analytics, working collaboratively with the Actuarial Leads to interpret results to support evidence-based policy development and program delivery. The analyst will also leverage comprehensive, client-centric data to develop a picture of the lifetime trajectories of members, to evaluate the effectiveness of new policies/programs in improving financial, social and wellbeing outcomes.



Duties

Use longitudinal data and predictive analytics to analyse and interpret actuarial results.
Enhance and expand models to estimate future client demand.
Leverage data to develop an understanding of the lifetime trajectories of clients.
Contribute to evaluating the effectiveness of new policies in improving outcomes for veterans.
Identify specific cohorts which could benefit from early intervention to inform targeted services.
Provide technical expertise that contributes to the delivery of business and wellbeing outcomes.
Utilise machine learning and natural language processing algorithms to harness the information in DVA’s vast data stores
Support the use and maintenance of DVA's Priority Investment Approach – Veterans (PIA-V) evidence-based platform.
Support the development of the Wellbeing Framework to assess whole-of-life outcomes.
Develop interactive dashboards using Tableau.
Support ongoing enhancements to the PIA-V projections (e.g. new modules).
Support the expansion of the PIA-V longitudinal strategic dataset to include new variables.
Support the streamlining of the data extraction process to enable the provision of reliable data.
Support data linking activities to build a more complete picture of the veteran experience.
Contribute to the quality, efficiency and effectiveness of actuarial analysis services.

Eligibility

Applicants must be an Australian citizen to apply.
Tertiary degree with major in Actuarial Studies, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Finance, Econometrics, Computer Science, Nuclear Physics, Astronomy, Astrophysics, Data Science or a closely related discipline

Desirable

Proficiency in using one of the specialist software packages (SAS, R, Python or other closely related programming languages) for data analytics or modelling purposes

Notes

A merit pool will be established that may be used to fill similar positions within the next 18 months.

Successful applicants engaged into the APS will be subject to a probation period.

DVA embraces and fosters a culture that supports diversity, inclusion and respect, where people are empowered to fulfil their potential. We welcome people with diverse skills, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds. We are dedicated and committed to attracting and recruiting Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and encourage applications from people with disability, people that identify as LGBTQIA+ and people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds. Take on a rewarding, varied, and broad career with an Australian Public Service Department that can bring balance and flexibility to your working life, while supporting you to stay connected to your community.

DVA is committed to improving the data skills and capability of our workforce to underpin our goal of becoming a leading data-driven organisation.

RecruitAbility applies to this vacancy. Under the RecruitAbility scheme you will be invited to participate in further assessment activity for the vacancy if you choose to apply under the scheme; declare you have a disability; and meet the minimum requirements for the job. For more information visit: https://www.apsc.gov.au/recruitability
Applicant Information Opens in new window
Job Description Opens in new window"
26,26,"About JLL –
We’re JLL—a leading professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We have operations in over 80 countries and a workforce of over 91,000 individuals around the world who help real estate owners, occupiers and investors achieve their business ambitions. As a global Fortune 500 company, we also have an inherent responsibility to drive sustainability and corporate social responsibility. That’s why we’re committed to our purpose to shape the future of real estate for a better world. We’re using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people and our communities.
Our core values of teamwork, ethics and excellence are also fundamental to everything we do and we’re honored to be recognized with awards for our success by organizations both globally and locally.
Creating a diverse and inclusive culture where we all feel welcomed, valued and empowered to achieve our full potential is important to who we are today and where we’re headed in the future. And we know that unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives help us think bigger, spark innovation and succeed together.
If this job description resonates with you, we encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of the requirements below. We’re interested in getting to know you and what you bring to the table!
What’s your ambition? Is it a big goal or small steps? Professional or personal? We’d like to know, because we make your ambitions our business.
If you’re looking to step up your career, JLL is the perfect professional home. At JLL, you’ll have a chance to innovate with the world’s leading businesses, put that expertise into action on landmark projects, and work on game-changing real estate initiatives.

JLL is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. JLL shapes the future of real estate for a better world by using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people and our communities. JLL is a Fortune 500 company with annual revenue of $16.6 billion in 2020, operations in over 80 countries and a global workforce more than 95,000 as of September 30, 2021. JLL is the brand name, and a registered trademark, of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated.

What this opportunity involves:
Based in JLL’s corporate office in Sydney CBD, we are seeking for a Finance Systems and Reporting Analyst.

The purpose of this role is to ensure the Finance team are leveraging all available data sets, technology and innovative practices to ensure processes are efficient and reporting is fit for purpose, insightful and current. This is achieved via the utilisation of data from finance and non-finance systems, leveraging the Finance Reporting function, and via partnering with our JLL Technology team.

At JLL, we have a wide range of career paths and opportunities available. We are seeking ambitious talent to work with us so that you can achieve your ambitions and create rewarding opportunities for yourself. Work alongside a supportive team with the opportunity for career development and continuous learning & improvement initiatives.

What this role involves:
Drive efficiencies in key finance deliverables (forecasts and budgeting) via the automation and simplification of processes and interfaces between finance Business Partners and relevant finance systems – Smart view, EPBCS (budgeting and forecast system), PeopleSoft and the finance data mart.
Work with Finance, Business representatives and IT in the development of business focused dashboards using Tableau BI and Power BI, leveraging financial and non-financial data sets from PeopleSoft, CRM, payroll and other systems.
Support with key reporting deliverables (financial and non-financial – Annual leave, LSL, Operative performance reports, Revenue tracking) and work with broader Finance Reporting team towards automation of the same.
Design, maintain and improve monthly reporting templates using IBM Planning and Analytics for Excel (PAX).
Assist in the design and implementation of best practice reporting practices including system assessment, process design, report design, implementation and stabilisation – future solution
Support ad-hoc specialised reporting and data requirements to meet operational, statutory and regulatory deliverables using SQL and the PeopleSoft Finance Data mart (Allocations, revenue, headcount, year-end provisions LSL)
Support local delivery of regional and global reporting initiatives lead by the Finance Reporting function

Sound like the job you are looking for? Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we are looking for:
At least 5 years’ experience focusing primarily on advanced technical reporting type roles
Advanced proficiency in Excel modelling including VBA knowledge
Advanced BI tool knowledge (i.e. Cognos, Power BI, Tableau or similar)
General systems competency – ability to pick up new systems and changes quickly
Sound understanding of relational data, joins, primary keys, query logic
Ability to work autonomously, accurately, and quickly
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, manage change requests, be flexible with working hours and prioritise work with hard deadlines
High attention to detail with high volume of business
Experience with chart field finance system GL structures
Understand of basic accounting concepts such as journals and accruals are preferred but not essential

What you can expect from us:
AT JLL, we value your health and wellbeing which is why we are excited to announce a whole raft of new benefits through our WHEREFIT partnership! WHEREFIT provides you with access to exclusive corporate discounts of up to 40% off at leading fitness and wellbeing brands across Australia. With over 2,000 unique offers across gyms, activewear, studios, healthy meals, supplements, accessories, self-care and more, there is something for everyone so you can perform at your best!

JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. As an organisation, we don’t just accept that we are a place of many different people, but we embrace it, we celebrate it, and we proactively support the needs that difference brings. JLL is committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, gender, age, sexual orientation or disability, and that is why, for more than a decade, we continue to rank among the World’s Most Ethical Companies.

Interested candidates, please apply following the link below quoting job reference number JPREQ206802
What you can expect from us
We succeed together and believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.
Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your career ambitions, recognizing your contributions, investing in your well-being and providing competitive benefits and pay.
We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today!"
27,27,"About the Business
The Know Your Customer (KYC) Stream of the Financial Crime Program is responsible for strengthening the Group’s Financial Crime Compliance capability through uplifting the Customer Risk Assessment (CRA) and Enhanced Due Diligence (ECDD) practices, amongst many other. The Stream is also delivering other 10+ other projects, themed around Customer Datasets and processes.
What will your impact be?
You are supporting the Product Owner, other business and data analysts, and the broader delivery team of the KYC Stream. You support the analysis required and the interdependencies of overlaid backlog items. And you have exposure to a range of senior stakeholders of the Program and have an influence over a handful of related Programs in the Financial Crime and Customer Lifecycle Management space.
More specifically, this role will require you to;
Elicit business requirements from business and Product Owners, build a backlog, and support prioritisation
Work with stakeholders/Product Owners to understand their needs, concerns and the environment that they operate in
Drive and/or supporting business needs modelling, analysis and impact assessment
Work collaboratively to identify business requirements for enhancements to systems and / or business processes as well as problem solve complex issues
Support business requirement and business improvement initiatives, and estimation processes
Gather, organise and synthesize large amounts of information from various sources to build insight and understand to defined business impacts, challenges, opportunities, as well as, documenting it in respective artefacts
Undertake any other tasks assigned by your manager that you have the capability to perform safely in line with relevant internal Group policies and external regulatory requirements.
See yourself in our team? We’re interested in hearing from people who have:
Extensive experience as a Business Analyst having worked within sizeable project teams delivering successful business and customer outcomes
Experience working with data management, analytics and data control, preferably with a focus on customer data and development of customer data controls
Knowledge and experience of AML/CTF regulation including KYC
Demonstrable knowledge and background in compliance and operational risk management
Understanding of risks, ability to apply these to problems to create options and justify or validate proposed solutions using Business Analysis tools
Ability to understand and develop complex concepts and communicate them effectively through oral, written and visual means
Ability to present to and interact with stakeholders at all levels, including members of Leadership Teams, and senior business and technology stakeholders in affected areas
Tertiary/post graduate level education in business management, strategy and/or finance (desirable, not essential)
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority. This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 01/06/2022"
28,28,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time
Organisation: Department of Transport
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Analyst
Reference: VG/NEW80004190
The Department of Transport brings together all transport modes to design, plan, build and operate Victoria's transport system. Our job is to further integrate the transport network and improve the delivery of services to Victorians for simpler, quicker and safer journeys that connect people and places and support Victoria's prosperity and liveability. We are excited to offer this opportunity for you to become part of the Department that delivers more choice, connections and confidence in our travel, ensuring the whole transport network works as one to deliver better services and outcomes.
Business Intelligence Analyst
Annual Salary Range: VPS4 $88,955 – $100, 930 per annum plus superannuation
Tenure: Ongoing
Employment Type: Full Time
Usual Work Location: Melbourne CBD (flexibility may be available)
About the Opportunity
The Business Intelligence Analyst sits within the Reporting & Analysis team of the Portfolio Management Office and is responsible for the development, support and maintenance of Power BI dashboards and for providing meaningful analytical insight, working with a wide range of data and reports from across the department and its agencies. The position complements the role of the Reporting Analysts to support the Portfolio Assurance branch to guide and support key stakeholders to align to the standard for project delivery reporting across the Department through the provision of quality dashboards, delivery insights, analytics and advice.
About You
Our ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the following key skills:
Takes into account wider business context within business unit when considering options to resolve issues.
Considers data volume, variety, velocity, and veracity to establish data collection and analysis approach.
Understands and delivers against standards of quality and effectiveness applicable to own area of work.
Communicates orally in a manner that is clear fluent and holds the listeners' attention.
Works with sense of purpose within the team and enables others to understand the strategic direction of the branch and organisation.
Mandatory
Demonstrated expertise in business intelligence (Power BI) and experience using those skills to support business reporting outcomes.
Extensive experience relevant to the accountabilities and capabilities of the role ideally in project reporting and/or data analysis.
More information is available in the Position Description.
How to Apply
Applications should include a resume and a covering letter briefly addressing the Key Selection Criteria found in the position description.
Applications close 11.59pm on 27 May 2022.
For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity, please call Paul Farrell, Manager Reporting and Analysis via email at paul.farrell@transport.vic.gov.au.


Please note: This position requires the successful employee to provide evidence of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, or medical evidence which confirms the individual is unable to receive a dose, or a further dose, of a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical contraindication or an acute medical illness.
Failure to comply with this condition of employment will impact your eligibility for employment in this position with DoT.
Preferred applicants may be subject to pre-employment checks. Information provided to the Department of Transport will be treated in the strictest confidence."
29,29,"Job Description:
The Team
The newly formed Asia Pac ESG Research Team will focus on highlighting thematic trends from a regional, sectoral and stock perspective around Environment. Social and Governance guidelines. The team aims to provide and highlight investment insights on ESG thematics. The new team will be co-headed by two senior analysts (based on Hong Kong and Sydney). This role is based in Sydney.
The Role
Assist the team in analysing macro level ESG trends to help write thematic research Help the team analyse and backtest third-party ESG data to derive historical insights Apply quantitative techniques to analyse historical trends Apply qualitative analysis to help predict future trends
The Person
3+ years working experience Interest in ESG thematic or have working knowledge A quantitative mindset Experience in working with third-party data providers such as Factset, Bloomberg, Refinitiv Strong SQL skills Strong programming skills in Python or VBA (experience in cloud computing is a plus) Ability to work independently, meticulous, organised and inquisitive.
Job Band:
H6
Shift:
Hours Per Week:
38
Weekly Schedule:
Referral Bonus Amount:
0"
