,0
0,"Job no: 517810
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra, Parramatta, Sydney, Wollongong, Penrith, Rhodes, Newcastle/Hunter
Division: Audit, Assurance & Risk Consulting

KPMG Australia is part of a global network providing extensive services across a wide range of industries and sectors. Our people collaborate, share their expertise and create innovation as we partner with clients to solve complex challenges, empower change, drive disruption and growth. We look for talented people with the potential to make an extraordinary difference for our clients, our firm, and our communities.
Our national Risk Assurance Data and Digital Deployment (RA3D) team are seeking some excellent people to join our rapidly growing team. We are an inclusive and dynamic team committed to driving innovation, delivering client outcomes, and making an impact. The strength of our team lies in the diversity of the background and skillset of each member, fostered in a collaborative environment.
Our vision is to provide our clients with on-demand, fit-for-purpose, Data & Analytics services to support their assurance needs.
Our RA3D team work closely with other service lines within KPMG’s Risk Assurance division to support the delivery of complex and data driven solutions to help clients create value and facilitate data-driven risk-based business decisions.
Key Responsibilities
You will work and be supported by a team with deep experience in delivering data-led engagements for a wide range of clients. Your role will include:
Managing and executing multiple activities, projects or components of larger scale programs and delivers high quality services on time within budget.
Building effective relationships with executive clients and sponsors.
Effetely manages and maintains contact with internal and external stakeholders to understand business needs and clearly articulate the approach and insights for data-led engagements.
Lead the planning and delivery for a portfolio of projects, including supervising junior team members in the delivery of a project.
Actively participate in sales pursuits and business development opportunities.
Use analytical and visualisation tools to transform, analyse and visualise client data to help clients solve business problems and facilitate and inform decision making.
Translate complex technical concepts into meaningful insights for businesses to understand.
Assist in the growth of data analytics capability across the Risk Assurance team more broadly.
How are you Extraordinary?

The successful applicant will possess the following characteristics:
Highly experienced in use of Alteryx, Tableau, Power BI, SQL, Python. Also, but not mandatory, it would be well regarded to have some exposure with other analytic tools or coding languages beneficial, e.g. Celonis, Qlik, R, etc.
Be a critical thinker with strong analytical, problem-solving skills, highly organised with the ability to effectively manage multiple priorities and projects.
Have an ability to interpret findings and identify key insights to communicate to a non-technical audience
Exposure to varied industry sectors including any or all of the following – Energy and Natural Resources, Government, Retail or Financial Services working in an analyst capacity.
Tertiary qualification(s), preferably:
Commerce
Economics
Mathematics/Statistics
Data science
Engineering
The ability to engage with clients and develop meaningful relationships to aid in business development
The KPMG Difference

Our people are focused on creating a diverse and dynamic environment that embraces and values differences. We value the variety of unique experiences, qualities and characteristics our people possess, and we share and learn from each other.

We are proud to be consistently recognized as an employer of choice for women, and for our achievements in LGBT+ workplace inclusion.

Our commitment to ‘Flexibility’ allows our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal or family life. Explore the links below to hear our people share their experience @ KPMG
Flexibility empowers wellbeing

Flexibility enables contribution to the community

Flexibility inspires technology & innovation

Flexibility supports family

Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
Advertised: 03 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 31 Jul 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
1,"Cyber security is one of the fastest growing priorities across industries, with over half of developers expecting it to become even more important over the next 12-18 months.
Here at Secure Code Warrior (SCW), we’re focused on transforming security and compliance from a check-box on the roadmap to an always-on mindset across the DevOps cycle. Our approach focuses on upskilling developers through gamification of learning and integrating with their preferred tool sets, such as GitLab and Atlassian. With SCW, companies are able to differentiate from their competition, and ship code faster and more securely than ever.
Founded in 2015 out of Australia, we are a truly global remote-first company with employees all across the globe including Australia, America, Belgium, England, Iceland and more. Plus, an exciting list of global brands that we’re proud to include as our customers, such as JP Morgan Chase & Co, Zoom, and Atlassian.
After raising Series B in 2019, from firms such as Goldman Sachs and Cisco Investments, we’re excited to be in the next phase of our growth, focusing on scaling the business to bring secure coding education and developer tools to the world!
*
Top Employee Benefits: *
Global Flexible Work Schedule
Unlimited Paid Time Off (really, we mean it!)
Equity/Share Options
Remote/ Optional Hybrid (Office space available in some locations)
12 Weeks Gender Neutral Parental Leave
*
US Employees: *
Fully Paid Health, Vision, and Dental for Employees and Dependants
401k w/ Match
This is a brand new role where you will have an opportunity to join our Customer Operations Team and ultimately support the team with providing key customer data & insights.
The successful candidate will, most importantly, have the drive to learn, grow and be an integral part of the team as well as have the demonstrated ability to work with Data Analytics and Insights.
Key Responsibilities:
Work with the Customer Leadership team to provide analysed data which identifies trends, gaps and potential opportunities.
Provide the Customer team with standard reports and dashboards so they can best work with their customers as well as answering any questions they may have.
Continuously look for ways to improve the Customer Success CRM for ease of use and automation opportunities.
Build workflow and documentation for customer success processes
Use insights to continuously improve and iterate
You will manage the Customer Success CRM, creating automations.
Partner with our Customer Success and Renewal team to support their operational needs
Skills required:
At least 2 years experience in a similar or relevant role across Data Analytics, Insights, Customer Insights, Customer Data
Thrive in a fast paced, team environment, is self-motivated, and very detail-oriented with proven problem solving skills.
You are data driven and love digging into data sets to identify trends, gaps and opportunities.
Have strong Time Management capability and ability to prioritise tasks.
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal.
#LI-Remote
You're joining us at an exciting stage in our journey, and are key to our future success. You’ll have the opportunity to create impact, deliver on your ideas, and use your spark; experience and expertise to help us live long and prosper.
Warriors have full flexibility. We appreciate that you’ll do your best work when you’re rested and energized. With our business operating globally, there’s no 9-5 grind at Secure Code Warrior. You’re encouraged to work the days, times and in the way that suits your best. We also offer generous leave and work from home options so you can make work work for you.
We’re a tight-knit team that values humility, diversity, giving back to the community and to each other. Giving back is key to being a Warrior, and we do what we can to make the world a little bit brighter as we work to make it more secure.
Diversity. Inclusion. They’re more than just words for us. They’re the hard-and-fast principles guiding how we build our teams, cultivate leaders and create a company where every single person feels safe and celebrated. We have a global, multicultural following—we want to reflect that inside our walls and ensure people come as they are, we like it that way!
Job Type: Full-time"
2,"Company Description

Nearmap is unique. A global technology company with incredible people; a market-leader with energy and spirit. Nearmap was named as one of the world’s 10 Most Innovative Companies of 2020 by Fast Company magazine – and we’re growing.

If you join us on this exciting journey, you’ll love our inclusive values and share our ambition to become the source of truth that helps shape decisions for the liveable world.

What we do
We provide easy, instant access to high-resolution aerial imagery, city-scale 3D content, AI datasets and integrated geospatial tools, with wide-scale coverage across the USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. At the core of it, we’re a location content company, a visual analytics company, and a software as a service company. Innovation is weaved into our DNA.
We are rapidly expanding and are looking for a smart and motivated data analyst to join our growing team. The Data Analyst is responsible for driving analysis of commercial and sales performance and key initiatives of the Company. By liaising with stakeholders across the company, you will understand key strategic, operational and business issues facing the organisation, research and analyse the trends, issues and potential outcomes, and adopt a ‘hands-on’ approach to implementation and validation of project outcomes. The primary focus will be on the Sales & Financial commercial models, driving understanding and implementation of optimal reporting, systems and processes and shaping the operational landscape.


Job Description

Commercial modelling – understanding of business drivers and key performance metrics. Access and analyse data to create models that illustrate trends in the customer base and within internal teams
Participating in exploratory data analysis (EDA) as part of the wider Data & Analytics team activities to surface new, novel and insightful analysis
Identifying customer behavioural segments by combining business knowledge with quantitative trends
Continue championing Looker/other data visualisation systems at NEA by driving adoption, training, troubleshooting and novel ways of data visualisation that tells a compelling story
Building dashboards and visual reporting templates to bring trends, patterns and analysis to life. Communicate analytical findings, including through reports, presentations and data visualisation
Acting as a data custodian for Sales and Finance as part of our ambition to have properly governed data at NEA - coordinating with stewards and data owners to ensure compliance with data access and security policies and help drive company-wide data handling procedures
Defining business requirements, gathering critical information, implementing and reporting them back to stakeholders. Creating and presenting business cases.
Providing strategic, financial and operational insights that help the decision-making process, and align capital and resource allocation within the business.
Playing a key part in identifying Sales and Finance metrics, devise reporting solutions and help business track performance by creating dashboards, building automated alerts and
Analysis and insights on strategic business issues, including:
Global market intelligence / industry trends
Market size and penetration analysis
Analysis of competitive landscape
Geographic and International rollout and expansion strategy and business cases
Product & pricing analysis
Build strong relationships through engagement with colleagues, project managers and other key stakeholders across the business.


Qualifications

3 – 5 years’ experience in an analyst role where you were responsible for applying data driven insights to recommendations in commercial settings.
Demonstrated ability to analyse both qualitative and quantitative information objectively
Experience in forecasting, financial analysis and understanding key performance indicators
Understanding of web based financial and ERP systems (Salesforce, Zuora, Looker, Marketing Information Platforms and Finance Systems experience preferred)
Strong understanding of web based and IT technologies
Advanced Excel skills
Experience in BI, data warehousing, statistical or reporting tools, as well as SQL and Tableau
Ability to liaise with internal and external clients at all levels with the capacity to negotiate and resolve conflict with clients, staff and management representatives
Hands on self-starter, with exceptional detailed oriented analytical, inquisitive and conceptual thinking skills
Experience working with senior decision makers and working closely with stakeholders to determine acceptable solutions
Relevant tertiary qualifications in business or related field

Additional Information

Some of our benefits
Nearmap takes a holistic approach to our employees’ emotional, physical and financial wellness. Our current benefits include access to the Nearmap employee share scheme, short and long-term financial incentives, flexible working options, paid volunteer days, gym and phone rebates, and lots of development opportunities including hack-a-thons and pitch-fests.

Working at Nearmap
We move fast and work smart; often wearing multiple hats. We adapted to remote working with ease and are continually looking at ways to improve. We’re proud of our inclusive, supportive culture, and maintain a safe environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging and can be themselves.

If you can see yourself working at Nearmap and feel you have the right level of experience, we invite you to get in touch.

Watch our culture video below to find out more about what a day in the life at Nearmap looks like.

Nearmap does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruitment agencies and search firms. Please do not email or send unsolicited resumes to any Nearmap employee, location or address. Nearmap is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
3,"Chevron is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and has been present in Australia for more than 70 years. Chevron Australia operates the Gorgon and Wheatstone LNG projects; manages an equal one-sixth interest in the North West Shelf Venture; operates Australia’s largest onshore oilfield on Barrow Island; and delivers quality fuel products and services across Australia via Puma Energy.

At Chevron you'll discover a world of extraordinary opportunity, challenge and fulfillment where you can pursue goals, develop new skills, change career paths in addition to a diverse and inclusive environment.
about the role

Chevron Australia has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join the Data and Insights team. Reporting to the Sub Chapter Head of Data Engineering, this permanent role will be based in Perth.

At Chevron Australia, we believe humanity can solve any challenge – including meeting the world’s energy needs of today, while advancing a cleaner energy tomorrow.

We know our greatest resource is the ingenuity, creativity and innovation of our people. Applications from motivated, talented individuals with a keen interest in the energy industry are encouraged.

We are seeking a Data Analyst who will provide expertise on how business workflows map to data, and how data can be integrated to build reusable data products. The Data Analyst will also serve as a subject matter expert for delivery teams.

Additionally, the role’s duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Understand the business use of data and stakeholder requirements to support work processes and strategic business objectives.
Work with business (digital platform, Business Units, function teams) and delivery teams to provide data management direction and support for data foundation initiatives and data products development.
Analyze current state of data management: process, practices, tools, and help shape future needs. Contributing to the design of common information models.
Assess data quality concerns specific to workflow solutions being adopted and driving mitigation activities.
Advise on the appropriate data integration patterns, data modelling and data quality.
Maintain and sharing knowledge of requirements, key data types and data definitions, data stores, data creation process.
about you

We encourage applications from motivated and talented individuals with energy industry experience.

Competency Requirements:

Leadership
Act as the conduit between the business and the portfolio to gather, articulate and define the customers’ requirements.
Take ownership of work, priorities and deliver to agreed standards.
Build Relationships, Teamwork and Collaboration
Ability to build trusted relationships with customers
Work collaboratively in an agile construct & seek diverse perspective
Work with global teams and across time zones while seeking ways to maintain work life balance through asynchronous communications.
Innovation and Growth Mindset
Provide feedback & be receptive to feedback received. Share best practices.
Align and contribute to the overarching standards, tools and processes for the Data Engineering organization.
Technical Requirements:
Equivalent experience in Computer Science, Information Management Systems, Computer Engineering or related fields
Knowledge and experience with cloud computing, big data computing, data acquisition, wrangling and preparation, business process and data modelling, data strategy, policies, and governance and software engineering using technologies such as: Power BI, Azure Data Factory (ETL) Microsoft Azure, Databricks and Python.
what we can offer you

Everything we do at Chevron is guided by our values and our commitment to The Chevron Way. At the heart of The Chevron Way is our vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership, and performance.

Participate in world-leading energy projects, advance your professional development and expand your career within an inclusive, collaborative and high-performing workplace.

Here are just some of the benefits a career at Chevron provides:
A commitment to supporting work-life balance with flexible working arrangements, a compressed working week (nine-day fortnight)
A competitive remuneration package, including bonus scheme and Recognition and Awards program
Health and wellness offerings including gap-free GP services, fitness classes, gym access and mental health support
diversity & inclusion
Chevron Australia values inclusivity and promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome contributions from all people. We actively encourage people of all abilities, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, diverse cultures and backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ identities, and all age groups to apply. To be a part of our success, apply now.
how to apply
You must have the right to live and work in this location to apply for this job.
Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 19 May 2022

Click APPLY to submit your application.

Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law."
4,"Data is exploding
The demand for great data analysts and data scientists has never been higher than it is today. There simply aren't enough to fill the positions being advertised.
The Data School Australia is creating the next generation of great data analysts and data scientists.
If you are passionate about data, we have the best way to get you into your new data career.
How does it work?
The successful applicants will be immersed in 4 months of intensive classroom training based on the market-leading technologies, Tableau and Alteryx.
In addition, you will be trained in all the soft skills needed to become a consultant from our team of experts.
The classroom training is followed by four 6-month client engagements with Australia's leading organisations to give you real-world experience to kick-start your new career.
Do I get paid to learn?
Yes. The Data School offers you a competitive salary while you study and gain valuable industry experience.
Key dates
The Data School takes on new consultants three times each year. The starting dates for each round are April, August and November.
The applications for the August 2022 intake close on the 30th May 2022
What’s in it for you
Become a guru in Tableau, the market-leading data visualisation technology
Become a guru in Alteryx, the market-leading data analytics platform
It’s not just data that’s important – learn soft skills that are crucial for your success as a data consultant
Gain real-world experience by working with the leading organisations in Australia
Learn from the best data and analytics experts in Australia
Study in a creative workspace in central Sydney
Details of the role
Four months of classroom training
Four client engagements, each 6 months long
The result is a 28 month, fixed-term contract to start your new career as a data consultant
$56,000 per annum that will increase in the second year
We’re sorry – we can’t sponsor you, so make sure you can work in Australia
When you finish the contract, the world is your oyster. You can stay on as a consultant and work on some fascinating projects or step out into the big wide world of data that has been opened up to you
What we’re looking for
Here at the Data School, we don’t look at what’s on your CV or your experience.
What we are looking for is :
Passion – we want you to want it, to have a true desire to learn and motivation to improve yourself and your skills every day
Data-driven minds - you love the idea of immersing yourself in data to drive meaningful insights and create jaw-dropping outcomes
Tech-Savvy – we don’t need you to have experience, but working with tech comes naturally to you, and you enjoy it
Curiosity – questions are falling out of your mouth, you always want to know how and why
Resourcefulness – sometimes, the answers aren’t always in front of you, you’ll need ingenuity and resourcefulness to find answers to those questions you’re asking
Fast learner – picking new things up every day whilst retaining previous knowledge will help you be successful in this role
Creativity - the goal is delivering outcomes. You’ll need creativity to deliver those outcomes in meaningful, digestible forms
Application Process
We do things differently and we’re proud of it.
So forget about the application process you might be used to.
Here’s how the process works:
Join Tableau - Join the community and download Tableau Public by creating a new account.
Get inspired – Check out Tableau Public Gallery, there are brilliant examples for you to look at and research.
Find your data - Choose any data set you want! We mean it; from politics to sport, TV and popular culture. Tableau provide many data sets on their resources page.
Create your Viz - Now the fun begins! Once you have your data set, you can begin creating your winning viz!
Share it with us - Once your work is live on Tableau Public, send it to us by filling in the application form on our website! https://www.thedataschool.com.au/apply/
The Interview - If you impress us with your passion, innovation and understanding of data, you will be invited to an interview with our Head Coach and you've started the application
We are taking applications for places at all times. If you share the same inquisitive nature, have a passion for getting to the truth by way of data, then register your interest. Send us your contact details to receive more information on starting your new career in DATA.
Application Deadline: 30/5/2022
Expected Start Date: 1/8/2022
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $56,000.00 – $58,000.00 per year
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $56,000.00 – $58,000.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)
Application Deadline: 30/05/2022"
5,"Flexible Work arrangments
Exciting InsurTech with lots of opportunties
Based in Sydney CBD
BizCover who?
You haven’t heard of us? We dominate the SME business insurance market by having an online platform that makes comparing and buying business insurance a super easy process. Not to toot our own horn but we have been recognized in Deloittes fast 50 companies as one of the fastest growing technology companies and Westpac’s top 20 businesses of tomorrow - #killingit
So What?
As a rapidly growing Insuretech company we are a Digital-first environment with a lot of data to leverage, and we need an Agile Business Analyst to join our growing guild of Business Analysts, Scrum Masters and customer fanatics! Collaboration, knowledge sharing and being a creative problem solver is the key to success in this team, so we are looking for a likeminded Business Analyst to grow with us!
What you'll be doing?
As an Agile Business Analyst, you will be working in our Data Analytics team, helping BizCover to become data driven, developing key metrics, mapping data flows and business activities, and supporting the creation and testing of value opportunities, as well as projects to industrialise that value.
Day to day you will be –
Collaborating with data users across our business to understand our processes, defining new measures, clarifying definitions, and sharing knowledge across data teams.
Interacting collaboratively with the Product Owner to ensure that user stories are ready to be worked on by the analytics team and cross-functional team members.
Working alongside Data Scientists and Data Analysts, assisting them with your knowledge of BizCover data and process, and supporting their Agile process.
Working with stakeholders across BizCover's operations, spanning our digital front end, customer touch points, back-end platforms, and our value-centric customer and product processes.
Supporting the complete Analytics lifecycle from insights and hypotheses testing, to measuring and integrating that value into business as usual.
Flexing your full BA toolkit:
Capturing Use-Case
Modelling as-is and to-be Business Processes in BPM
Writing clear user-stories and acceptance criteria
Drawing sequence diagrams, DFD’s, and UML diagrams
Validating Requirement Traceability Matrices
Producing Functional Design Documents
Assisting the data developers and the quality assurance team in delivering the agreed user stories (i.e. 3-way handshake).
Helping the product owner in coaching and assisting more junior resources.
Working with a dream data and analytics stack including Snowflake and AWS.
**
Who we want
To be a good fit for our team, we want creative problem solvers who ask “how” a lot! You’ll be expected to own your work, engaging and collaborating with others when needed, and are comfortable facilitating meetings with multiple stakeholders.
The essentials we expect you to have:
Familiarity with Agile rituals. (stand ups, refinement, retrospectives, etc.)
3+ years’ of demonstrated experience as a Business Analyst.
A proven track record of solid experience in the primary Business Analysis activities: requirement elicitation, business process modelling, requirement analysis, fit/gap analysis, stakeholder management, cost/benefit analysis
The tendency to capture and structure knowledge and documentation.
The ability to work closely with stakeholders and effectively manage their expectations
Excellent communication skills (both spoken and written)
Knowledge of JIRA and Confluence in an Agile methodology
Basic SQL proficiency
Strong experience in working according to Agile and Kanban practices
Proven ability to deal with ambiguity and conflicting priorities
Proven organisational, time management and leadership skills
Strong work ethic and milestone-oriented mindsets (e.g. be on-time, deliver on-time)
Very strong meeting and workshop facilitation skills
Willingness to perform the Business Analyst role in a small business (< 200 employees) within a fast-pacing and fast-changing environment
Thrive in a collaborative environment and enjoy working as part of a team
**
Bonus points if you have:
Exposure to projects or teams working with machine learning and data science models.
Experience working within the insurance industry, in any area exposed to insurance products, whether its rating, claims, underwriting questions, or customer service.
Experience writing a business case.
Exposure as a Scrum Master including but not limited to: running stand-ups, analysing burndown charts, measuring velocity, assessing sprint-readiness, etc.
Some of the perks
Attractive salary package with bonus potential!
Flexible working environment
Team/company events
Games area with Table tennis, Sofas, Xbox, chess
Casual dress code
Growing company with huge progression opportunities
What Kind of Person Works Well in our Company
Diversity of employees makes for a creative and fun workplace. BizCover is a melting pot of cultures and personalities, but to constantly strive to be the best we can, we look for people who are –
Customer Fanatics - noun: a person who delivers a first class customer experience every time
Drumbeaters - noun: a person who enthusiastically celebrates and supports their teammates and the business
Advancer - noun: a person who always wants to do better
Finishers - noun: a person you can trust to get it done
Job Type: Full-time"
6,"Insight Analyst
Do you want to be part of a growing global business? Would you like to solve real problems for some of the world's leading retail brands and be part of a supportive team of like-minded people? We're on a huge journey and we want you on onboard.
At Retail Insight our mission is to reinvent retail operations through advanced analytics, growing sales and profitability across the globe. To continue to do this and be the best we need more talented individuals to join our team.
A bit about the role:
The Insight Analyst at RI is responsible for developing a deep understanding of retail and the specific challenges we are addressing for our customers, from their data, through solution options to alignment to business processes and colleague execution. Your knowledge, fundamental understanding and application of our solution set, will enable you to support delivery, derive systemic insight and improve products, to ensure customer value is delivered and successful renewals achieved.
Due to growth, we are looking for an Insight Analyst to join our existing Analysis team and work closely with operational counterparts in Customer Relationship Management, Engineering and DevOps.
With an initial focus on our availability system, you'll be helping our customers identify salesability issues in their store, but also helping them identify ways to change the way they operate their business through data.
Here are some examples of what you might be doing:
Support the Customer, Customer Relationship Manager and Insight Manager to delight our client.
Become the expert on our customers data and value application of our solution output of our products
Work closely with the Engineering teams to problem solve, test system changes and hand over any system defects that need further investigation.
Leverage new and acquired knowledge of store operations through necessary in-store visits.
Ensure we proactively engage with our clients and continuously demonstrate the value of our products now and through recommendations for future improvements.
Develop your knowledge of the RI product set so you can be involved in the deployment of new and existing products to new markets and/or clients, including POC work, product demonstrations etc.
About you:
You love to collaborate and exchange ideas. You are a strong verbal and written communicator with the ability to collaborate with all departments. You have the ability to take, sometimes unfamiliar and complex datasets and tell a meaningful story of value creation through actionable insights. You thrive in working with cross functional teams and collaborating with others when needed.
You are able to proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so.
About your previous experience:
Experience in an analytical or data-orientated role and be able to demonstrate the value and commercial impact of your work.
Strong working knowledge and experience in SQL & Excel to an advanced level
Experience with data-centric scripting/programming languages (e.g. R & Python), and knowledge of BI and/or Data Visualisation software (e.g. Power BI) are both desirable, though not essential. However, a desire to learn new skills and techniques is an important part of this role.
Benefits and Perks:
RI is a fun and collaborative place to be, to support you at work and play we offer a number of things: flexible working options, an extra day of paid leave on your birthday, fortnightly team lunches, cinema clubs, an audible subscription, options to support your development and growth.
More about RI:
At Retail Insight, we have built a suite of innovative retail execution analytics products trusted by some of the world's leading retail and consumer goods companies including Walmart, Woolworths, Diageo and Danone.
We provide head office, stores and suppliers with data-driven insights that direct action and capture value. We specialise in-store and are at the cutting edge of retail analytics technology, helping identify drivers, and alerting to close, lost sales and lost profits from out-of-stocks, poor in-store execution, waste, markdown, and total loss.
If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you."
7,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

Successful organisations depend on their reputation for keeping promises, respecting laws and behaving ethically to maintain stakeholder trust. EY Forensic & Integrity Services professionals help organisations protect and restore enterprise and financial reputation. We assist organisations to investigate facts, resolve disputes and manage regulatory challenges. We put integrity at the heart of compliance programs to help better manage ethical and reputational risks.

We understand how organisations navigate complex environments; how pressures, attitudes and culture influence employee actions. We are committed to making integrity the cornerstone of a better working world.

We are looking for a Consultant/ Senior Consultant, Forensic Data Analytics within the Forensic & Integrity Services team in our Brisbane office.

This is an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate seeking to pursue a career in Forensic Data Analytics. The Forensic Data Analytics team is a group of technical specialists that practice the full life cycle of data management from the early stages of data scoping and capture, to its management, analysis and reporting. Data Analytics are central to EY’s mission of building a better working world by asking better questions.

FDA team members typically apply their specialist skills to large or complex datasets coming from disparate data sources. Using market leading advanced data analytic tools, we look beyond the obvious to dig deeper into underlying patterns and trends.
Our team generates insights to support fraud investigations, disputes, and regulatory compliance challenges for our clients, across a range of industries.

Your key responsibilities

Senior Consultants in our Forensics team will:

Be passionate about data analytics and the opportunities it provides to organisations
Work with broader Forensics team (including forensic accountants and incident response professionals) to assist Australian and global companies in addressing their fraud and compliance challenges
Consult with stakeholders; develop forensic procedures and define measurable data metrics, and design investigative analysis
Extract, validate, transform and load data from multiple data sources for deeper analysis
Undertake extensive analytical reviews of client data to produce insights that will assist our clients with:
detection of irregular financial transactions
identification of anomalous employee behaviour
targeting of error and waste in their operations
Support senior team members in the preparation and presentation of client deliverables in a clear, structured manner
Produce dashboards and other visualisations to support the analysis undertaken
Provide innovative thinking for strategic initiatives, new offerings and programs
Work in multi-disciplinary teams across a range of industries helping our clients, using our analytics to transform and improve their business

Skills and attributes for success

To qualify for the role you must have

Tertiary qualification in a relevant technical field (Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Statistics, Economics, Commerce, Mathematics, Linguistics)
Experience with statistical analysis and modelling tools such as SAS, Alteryx, SPSS, Python, R or similar packages, and data manipulation languages such as SQL
Familiarity with data visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview or Spotfire
A demonstrated understanding of commercial relational database systems and enterprise software solutions (Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, Chris21, etc)
A working knowledge of financial processes other business processes (e.g., regulatory reporting)
Ablility to hypothesise, analyse and draw conclusions from data
A demonstrated ability to clearly and concisely present data, conclusions, and recommendations
Highly professional with ability to work in challenging, diverse and evolving client environments

Ideally, you’ll also have

Strong stakeholder management and project delivery disciplines
Effective written and verbal communication skills
A team player with strong time and project management skills

Responsibilities, Qualifications, Certifications

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $78,000 including 10% superannuation

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $67,000 including 9.5% superannuation.

#LI-EYAustralia"
8,"Senior Data Analyst


Data driven role
Permanent full-time opportunity,
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $113,343pa to $124,901pa, plus employers’ contribution to super and leave loading.
Sydney Region – Hybrid working model



Department of Education is recruiting for a Senior Data Analyst to join our Student & Parents Experience (SPX) unit. Senior Data Analysts work in multi-disciplinary teams that will build, support and maintain Human-Centred solutions that offer real value and work for everyone.



About You/ Role
SPX’s Senior Data Analysts will be involved in creating database, data synthesis, analysing data and solutions to ensure we have the right information and data to make informed decisions to improve student outcomes. Stakeholder engagement is key and collaborating within your SPX squad and the wider education community is fundamental.



What you will be doing:
Develop and implement data specific solutions
Build and undertake research, analysis plans and deliver projects
Analyse data using statistical techniques and provide reports
Develop and maintain databases and relevant systems
Handling and mining of large, diverse data sets with an ability to work with both structured and unstructured data.
Communicate analysis and results with stakeholders
Regular engagement/collaboration with internal/external stakeholders



Essential Requirements
Hold a valid clearance to work with Children (Working with Children Check) Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline and/or equivalent experience.



Key knowledge and experience
Advanced experience of Power BI, and ability to edit Power Query, SQL and Python scripts.
Knowledge of and commitment to implementing the Department’s Aboriginal Education Policy and upholding the Department’s Partnership Agreement with the NSW AECG and to ensure quality outcomes for Aboriginal people
Prior relevant experience, ideally within a large organisation and programs involving organisational and cultural change.



How to apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume (max 5 pages) and cover letter (max 2 pages) expressing your interest and suitability for the role.



Note: the selection process will include a range of assessment techniques to assist in determining your suitability for the role. Successful candidates will be required to undertake pre-employment screening for this role which includes a Working with Children Check and National Criminal History Check.



Closing date: Tuesday, 31 May 2022, 11:55pm



For role enquiries please contact Dan Hart, Principal Data Strategy Manager on 0411 506 073.



COVID-19 Vaccination certification: The successful candidate for this position will be required to provide evidence of their double vaccination status, or a valid medical contraindication certificate, prior to the department finalising the appointment of the candidate and entry on duty.



We welcome applications from all ages and genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTQIA+ community, veterans, refugees and people with disability. If we can make some adjustments to our recruitment/interview process to better enable you to shine, please contact the Diversity and Inclusion Team (dandi@det.nsw.edu.au) or visit NSW Department of Education Diversity and Inclusion.



A talent pool may be created through this recruitment process. A talent pool is a group of applicants who have been assessed and identified as suitable for this role, and who may be considered for a range of similar roles, including temporary, term or ongoing roles, over the next 18 months.

Responsibilities
Please refer to the attached Role Description"
9,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Sky Advertising Technology is looking for a Data Specialist to join the team to work on our data driven projects. You’ll use data from across our Advertisement technology ecosystem to help understand and improve the ad experience of our customers while helping with optimising our capacity usage/ deliveries and driving efficiencies.
What you'll do:
With data driving decisions across Sky this is a prominent role in understanding and improving our ad optimisations and capacity planning / forecasting activities and data to support those
Develop and mentor a team of Data Analysts
Work closely with data-owners, insights team and developers to understand their data requirements, to be innovative with our data and technology to find new insights and improve data quality and support the decision-making process across Sky’s new propositions.
Define business and technical requirements to develop analytics capability e.g. data strategy and governance, data cleansing, data augmentation, data quality.
Conduct exploratory and investigative analysis on new/ existing data sources, analyse and interpret key performance measures and trends in multidimensional datasets.
Creating and maintaining well documented and cleansed data sources to model our data and designing processes to ensure that data models are maintained, and that data is used correctly across the business with ease of access.
Audit and review implementation / overall data quality to flag tracking issues which could lead to the wrong business decision.
Providing support, guidance, and examples for end-users across the business to create their own reports
Driving a “data first” mentality with the Product Managers/Analysts to ensure that they are tracking the right data and interpreting it correctly.
What you'll bring:
Good analytical skills and data literate with a Degree (or equivalent experience) in applied quantitative field (statistics, mathematics, engineering, technology)
Confident communicator with an ability to interact with senior stakeholders to gather requirements and present findings.
Self-starter who's actively curious about data, and how they can be actioned to improve performance/insights.
Proficient with data retrieval techniques (writing SQL queries, working with APIs), for both on premise databases and cloud services with working knowledge of databases, data structures and reporting systems (ETL knowledge ideal).
Hands-on experience modelling structured and unstructured data, data profiling, defining data quality rules and metrics/KPIs. Ideally some experience or interest with machine learning techniques.
Knowledge or experience of working with Google Cloud Platform BI products like BigQuery, Spanner, AI Platform, etc. to efficiently analyse large amounts of data and proficiency with at least one modern BI Tool. For example PowerBI, Tableau, Looker etc.
Department overview:
We’re the Product Hub. We’re the team behind your favourite Sky products, and the platforms that power them. We make every moment magical, everywhere. Our team is made up of self-motivated, big thinkers who have a knack for solving problems and find new ways to captivate millions of customers by putting them at the heart of everything we do. From Sky Glass, Sky Q, Peacock and NOW to news and sports apps, we make entertainment even better and we can’t wait to get started on what’s next.
Content Technology & Innovation
Our Content Technology and Innovation team delivers high-quality content to homes, customer devices, businesses and commercial partners across our European markets. With over 2500 colleagues from around the world, we combine our strategic insights, engineering know-how and operational excellence to use the most innovative technologies to create and distribute our award-winning content.
The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences
How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.
Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
10,"Location of work -Adelaide Metropolitan
Length of contract– 12-months Contract
Overview
Business Analyst to work within a Program delivering enhancements to the website, Report application and other projects within the program
Business Analyst will work as part of a multi-disciplinary capability delivery team using the agile methodology and may work on several projects concurrently.
Key responsibilities include
Working with users to formulate and document business requirements
Identifying, investigating and analyzing business processes, procedures and work practices
Using project management methodologies, principles and techniques to develop project plans and to cost, resource and manage projects
Taking responsibility for deploying functional solutions, such as creating, adopting and implementing system test plans, which ensure acceptable quality and integrity of the system
Using data and process modelling techniques to create clear system specifications for the design and development of system software
Understand customer’s business and work with the project’s stakeholders in understanding requirements
Testing & change management of the implementation
Ability to collaborate with stakeholders to resolve issues, solve problems and ensure effective and timely implementation of projects
Possess business and technical knowledge to review workflow, documentation and
User surveys and analyze data to identify a solution to a business issue
Proven ability to function both independently and as part of a team
Work experience: At least 1 year of relevant work experience. Fresh graduates having deep knowledge of the subjects could be considered for this role.
Availability: Monday to Friday – Full time 40 hours
Essential Knowledge:
Strong knowledge of CRM, strong knowledge of Web Development technologies, String knowledge of MS Office suite & Visio, some experience in SAP
Very strong knowledgeable of Security and Web Development technologies, their configuration options, authentication, authorisation and access protocols
Skills:
Strong communicator – excellent verbal and written communication skills including presentation to end users.
Ability to multitask and work to timelines
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Able to work independently with the business SMEs.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail.
This is a long term contract offering an excellent pay rate to the right candidate and the chance to work on an important project
Should you have the required experience and are looking for a challenging role Email your resume to career@inkitsolutions.com.au
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
11,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

As a Data Engineer, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives. Some of your responsibilities will include:

Work with diverse stakeholders to identify their challenges with data that can be addressed using various Analysis techniques.
Be a part of a culture that focuses on delivering excellence for our clients and work with an awesome team of people to work with and access to cutting edge technologies.
Flexibility to work in the way that brings out the best in you and encourages you to do what you love, in an environment that supports you.
Be involved in all aspects of the Project life-cycle, including Strategy, Road-Mapping, Architecture, Implementation and Development in order to gain maximum exposure to set you up for a successful consulting career.

To qualify for the role you must have

Ability to define and develop data integration patterns and pipelines
Ability to assess complexity of data (volume, structure, relationship etc.)
Hands on technical expertise in Spark, Python, SQL, Java, Scala, Kafka etc
Hands on experience working with different data bases (RDBMS, NoSQL, Blob storage etc)
Hands on experience working technologies/platform e.g. Dockers, Containers, Openstack, AWS, Azure, GCP
Experience building data profiling and data cleansing frameworks

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong consulting experience preferable from a Big 4 background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider."
12,"The successful Insider Threat Analyst must be a team player as well as an individual contributor. Whether working independently or as part of a team, individuals in this role must be able to successfully complete deliverables and meet or beat expectations within designated timeframes, as defined by a project plan. Successful candidates will have a strong foundation of excellent analytical skills enhanced by a clear devotion to serving and satisfying customers.

Principal Job Responsibilities:
Analyze customer activity data to identify current or potential threat-related events, behaviors, and patterns.
Coordinate with customers to determine areas of specific interest and concern upon which to focus investigations.
Prepare and deliver reports, using metrics and data visualizations, to effectively communicate discoveries to customer.
Develop recommendations to address and remediate threat discoveries, and proactive measures to promote a secure customer environment.
Establish and secure trust with clients by maintaining privacy, confidentiality, and objectivity for all interactions with the customer and their data.
Additional responsibilities may include:
Providing Tier 1 and Tier 2 support to customers, for both troubleshooting and usage of the Dtex software platform as needed.
Coordination with engineering resources for Tier 3 support of the Dtex solutions for existing customer deployments as needed.
Working with engineering to provide feedback based on personal and customer impressions of Dtex services, reporting bugs and problems encountered in the field, and making recommendations for improvement and new service features.
Skills & Knowledge:
3+ years of experience in business intelligence, operations, or analytics. Experience in security, fraud, or financial services strongly preferred.
Strong problem solving skills, ability to analyze complex multivariate problems and use a systematic approach to gain quick resolution
Experience with administration, troubleshooting and scripting in Linux and Windows environments (PowerShell or Python experience preferred)
Ability to access and analyze data using industry standard tools (e.g. MS SQL, PostgreSQL, ElasticSearch, Lucene, Kibana, Tableau, Qlik, Crystal Reports, Excel).
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills, both internally and externally. Ability to communicate findings to all levels of Management team to include Director and CxO levels.
Experience with statistical analysis tools desirable (R, Matlab, SPSS, etc.)."
13,"Who is Equifax?
Equifax is a leading global data, analytic and technology company, supporting customers across 24 countries. We have been serving the Australian and New Zealand markets for over 60 years. Through continuously adapting to our environment, not only have we remained a market leader, we drive and challenge ourselves to do better to help our customers live their financial best.
Our people are what makes us great at what we do - we see every member of our team as an integral piece of a jigsaw. We celebrate differences and recognise that each person brings with them unique talents and perspectives. We provide our people the support and flexibility to manage their work-life balance. At Equifax we genuinely care about our people and our ability to come together as #OneEquifax.
The perks of being an Equifax employee within the Data & Analytics team?
There are lots of perks of being an Equifax employee – we offer additional leave days as we recognize the importance of taking time out, whether that’s to catch up on some rest, celebrate a birthday, or give back to our community by volunteering. We are committed to the wellbeing of our people and provide them with discounted health cover through BUPA, access to comprehensive hearing services and discounts, and offer 24/7 support through our employee assistance program. Our leadership team fosters a culture of ownership, they will lead, coach, mentor and listen. We support one another to feel confident to speak up and hold each other accountable to work with integrity.
Our success is our people, for we are truly united by our purpose and are encouraged and challenged every day to bring new ideas to help our customers make more informed decisions. Our outcomes focused culture encourages thought leadership and innovation to ensure our ongoing success.
We are supportive and revel in working together on exciting projects. We see ourselves making an impact by utilizing cutting edge/statistical modelling tools across hundreds of rich data assets and collaborating with some of the best data minds in Australia. Working within our diverse D&A team will provide you opportunities to gain exposure across all phases of the D&A lifecycle and work with some of our largest blue-chip customers.
What you’ll do:
The Data Analyst (DA) as part of the Data Quality & Linking team plays a key role in the day to day management of Equifax's core data assets developed to support our product offering to the market. Data Analyst will closely work with product, sales, IT team within Data & Analytics to drive data quality and coverage of each of the data asset be market leading.
The DA will perform in-depth analysis to drive data quality improvements of their allocated data assets in alignment with the product team's strategic recommendations. The DA will also assist in the migration of Equifax's core data assets as the business undergoes a multi-year transformation project to standardize how data is managed.
What are we looking for?
3+yrs of experience in Software development/data analysis/ data management
Demonstrated experience and competency using SQL and at least one of the following : SAS, R, Python, Java or similar
Experience with data visualization and data story telling
Statistical skills (advanced statistics or analysis techniques).
Excellent interpersonal skills, combined with the ability to relate on all levels through the organization
Extra points for any of the following:
Google Cloud Platform Success attributes of an Equifax employee; does this describe you?
Accountable
Brave
Curious
Collaborative
Individualist
Trustworthy
Dedicated
At Equifax, there is no such thing as the 'perfect candidate'
Seeing responsibilities and competencies laid out on paper can be confronting. At this stage of the application process, sometimes imposter syndrome can creep in and mess with our confidence. Please know, we list these items to give you an opportunity to show us your potential and how you can grow and transform with us.
Your ability to demonstrate that you possess/have the real potential to develop the required capabilities, knowledge, experience and qualifications to perform in our roles is what we would like to hear from you. Where possible, you should support your claims with specific examples of what you have done and how you did it.
However you identify, and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come to work every day"
14,"Job no: 509776
Work type: Permanent Full Time
Location: Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra, Parramatta, Sydney, Wollongong, Penrith, Rhodes, Newcastle/Hunter, Adelaide
Division: Audit, Assurance & Risk Consulting

Join KPMG’s Risk Data and Digital Talent Community and start planning your future
We do our best work together
Learn how we value, celebrate and support our employees
KPMG is one of the most trusted and respected global professional services firms. Through depth of expertise, clarity of insight and strength of purpose we help our clients solve complex challenges, steer change, strengthen, transition and grow. We are looking for talented people who share our purpose of inspiring confidence and empowering change for our clients, our people and our communities.
Why join our Data and Digital Talent Community?
In line with our values “For better” we are committed to taking a long term view with our recruitment, to make KPMG a better firm for future generations. We do our best work together, so if you’re interested in joining our team and building a future with KPMG, we still want to hear from you.
Relationships are important and sometimes they take time. Joining our Talent Community is an opportunity for us to get to know each other. We’ll help you understand if KPMG is the place for you and, if it is, we’ll work together to identify the right roles and teams for when the time is right for you to make the move.


KPMG’s Strategy, Growth and Digital – how we work and our integrated teams
We provide unique services through delivering consulting projects, data trust management, custom analytics work, AI, proofs of concept and data platforms. Working in our team you'll be mixing with some of the brightest minds while working on significant commercial projects – solving real world problems at some of the nation's most respected companies, using some of the most exciting and interesting data you wouldn’t normally have access to.
Our highly skilled Data & Analytics team helps our clients to use their data resources for creating value, managing risk, enhancing competitiveness and driving business decisions within Data & Analytics.
Our mission is to assist organisations turn their data into strategic assets, developing data strategies and data management practices that enable responsible innovation and drive trust in emerging technologies (i.e. artificial intelligence)
We work closely with multiple industries and academia to explore the new and evolving risks posed by Big Data and Artificial Intelligence, and develop new approaches to make ethics in data and Artificial Intelligence real for our clients.
Our Data Remediation team supports our client on complex engagements as they seek to restore trust and address regulatory and legal challenges that are high priorities for boards and executives. Working as a part of a cross-functional team, our consultants use data to understand and define the issue and implement a solution along with the required governance and control frameworks. We work on these high-impact engagements at client sites and also with our KPMG Managed Services Operation Centre and leverage technologies and tools developed in Australia and from our global network
Our Tech solutions team leverages cutting-edge technology solutions to supports our clients with their risk and regulatory related challenges
Are you Extraordinary?
At KPMG, we believe diversity of thought, background and unique experience strengthens relationships and delivers meaningful benefits to our people, our clients and communities.
We’re interested in hearing from extraordinary people at all levels with skills and experience that could include:
Data Scientist: Using Data Science techniques and Machine Learning skills over Big Data
Data Engineer: Engineering modern data solutions or pipelines to facilitate advanced analytics, visualisation & interactive data applications
Data Analyst: Analysing and business consulting with data – using relational databases (SQL), data workbench & visualisation tools for project delivery, applying business logic and interpreting results
Data Management Specialist: strong understanding of data management principles and how to apply them including knowledge of models such as DCAM, DMBOK, regulatory frameworks such as BCBS 239, CPG 235 and principles and practices of data quality, lineage, master / reference data management
You will have:
A sound understanding of digital and cognitive technologies and analytics, information management and business process based solutions
Demonstrable industry knowledge; understanding the way your primary industry functions and how data can be collected, analysed and utilized; maintaining flexibility in the face of big data developments
Experience in financial services, telecommunications, government and retail is not mandatory but highly regarded
Possess the following traits:
Intellectual curiosity; exploring new territories and finding creative and unusual ways to solve data management problems.
Patience, as nothing will work the first time.
Focus; enjoy working in the detail and understanding the intricacies of how and why a data pipeline works as it does.
A disciplined approach to problem solving and an ability to critically assess a range of information to differentiate true business needs as opposed to user requests
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Proven ability to develop and manage enduring client relationships, engendering a sense of trust and respect
Have a questioning mind and lots of bright ideas
Be a critical thinker with strong analytical and problem solving skills
Be comfortable with manipulating and combining large, high dimensional datasets from multiple sources
Have an ability to interpret findings and identify key insights to communicate to a non-technical audience
Have demonstrated experience building relationships with internal and/or external clients
Possess business development capability to utilise your professional networks and further develop this with us


The KPMG Difference
At KPMG, we’re passionate about creating an inclusive workplace that promotes and values diversity. We believe that everyone’s unique experiences enable us to deliver meaningful benefits for our people, our clients and communities. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, ages, religions, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples, LGBTIQ+ people, those with a disability, women and people with a cultural or linguistically diverse background.
We embrace flexibility as a key principle to allow our people to manage the changing demands of work, personal and family life.
KPMG has a decade-long, proud commitment to Indigenous Australia, as demonstrated by the achievement of an Elevate level Reconciliation Action Plan. KPMG is a foundation member and Principal Partner of Pride in Diversity started in Australia by ACON and the Diversity Council of Australia, and is recognised in the Australian Workplace Equality Index(AWEI) which evaluates LGBTIQ+ inclusiveness in the workplace. KPMG Australia has been consistently recognised as an Employer of Choice in the Australian Government’s Workplace Gender Equality Agency(WGEA) annual index.


Flexibility empowers wellbeing
Flexibility enables contribution to the community
Flexibility inspires technology & innovation
Flexibility supports family


Make KPMG the clear choice for your career and be Extraordinary!
To join our Talent Community, please click .
Advertised: 13 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 30 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
15,"Market Analyst
Provide comprehensive market analysis and interpretation on a national, state and regional level for Australia.

Key Aspects:
Commercial reporting with actionable insights that enable improved revenue and margin performance via meaningful call to actions.
Manage and monitor Sales Incentive Schemes (SIS).
Identify process improvements to support continuous process optimisation.
Develop reports and visualisations that provide meaningful insights across customer banding (to improve or sustain value across our customer base).
Determine material market-turning points and quarter-on-quarter market changes, and the underlying drivers to those turning points and QoQ market deltas.
Identify industry trends (innovation focus) that offer meaningful insights for commercial-value creation through offer developments & transformation initiatives.
Pro-actively source market information on a national, state and regional basis through relevant sources (e.g., ABS, HIA, BIS shrapnel, Council data, in-house data) and conduct statistical analysis to transfer data into insights.
Create scenarios that reflect potential effects and outcomes that market factors may have on the business in the next 12 – 18 months.

The Ideal Candidate will have:
2-3 years’ experience in building product/hardware sector within a market analyst capacity.
Preferably experience in developing a strategy and/or a background of working with statistics, research and interpretation of data.
Analytics (machine learning / data science) / Mathematics / Finance / Economics degree or similar.
Strong numerical & modelling skills (Advanced Excel, SQL, R Programming or Python).
IT Based systems – SAP, CRM, Database technologies (e.g., SQL) and Business Intelligence platforms (i.e., Tableau).
Best-practice spreadsheet modelling (Excel-based).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
An analytical mind with both a problem-finding and problem-solution focus.

About Hanson Australia

Join one of the world's leading heavy building materials companies. Hanson Australia is a part of Heidelberg Cement - world’s largest producer of aggregates, including crushed rock, sand and gravel and one of the biggest concrete producers. In Australia, operating over 55 quarries, 225 concrete plants and also owns the Alex Fraser group who provide recycled products as well as Asphalt to the Construction Industry.

Why join Hanson Australia?
Stable and Reliable Industry Leader
Global Leader
Excellent Team Culture that promotes from within
Work Life Balance
Competive Salary and Benefits Package."
16,"How will I help?
As a Fraud Analyst, you will analyse information related to financial crime and implement detection strategies which mitigate risk and prevent financial loss, whilst ensuring there is minimal impacts to customer experience, product profitability and brand reputation.
The key accountabilities are analysis and interrogation of data to support fraud detection and uncover fraudulent activities, identifying emerging fraud trends and detecting accounts at risk, making continual improvements to detection system rules provide insights into trends and anomalies to aid prevention and maintaining internal reporting platforms to assist with analysis whilst becoming an expert in product systems and processes.
This is a part time role offering 19 hours per week. Role is based in Kent St, Sydney with flexible working arrangement options.
What’s in it for me?
In a word, lots! As well as job flexibility and the financial benefits for being part of the Westpac team (like special banking, wealth, and insurance offers) you will be paid well, and trained so your career can grow as you do. You will also be encouraged to take part in our fun community projects as a paid volunteer. Importantly you will play a significant role in the future of a business that has been around for 200 years.
What do I need?
You will have completed or currently pursuing tertiary qualification in the relevant discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or Actuarial Science. You must have technical skills in SQL, SAS, or R, with proven experience in using these to interrogate and manipulate large data sets. In addition, you must have technical coding, modelling and financial industry knowledge.
You will also bring to the team your proven stakeholder management skills, with the ability to engage and influence non-technical stakeholders.
Experience playing games such as chess, poker or board games with a competitive nature is advantageous as these display similar thought processes to fraud detection. Also, experience working in a Fraud or Risk Analytics environment within financial services would be highly advantageous.
What’s it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. As an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility- and champions inclusion.
How do I Apply?


As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply.
The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
17,"Organisation/Entity: Sydney Trains
Job Category: Graduates/Cadets
Job Location: Sydney, NSW, AU, 2020
Job Ref No: 66228
Employment Type: Fixed Term Full-Time
Salary Range: $65211.0-$74659.0
About us
At Sydney Trains, our rail services keep Sydney moving by putting our customers at the centre of everything we do. We work with our local communities to deliver safe, timely and efficient rail services 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Our trains and network are evolving to meet the needs of our customers now and well into the future. We’re continuing to integrate technological innovations that help us deliver a smarter and more sustainable network.


Kick-start your career with Sydney Trains! Get paid to learn and gain valuable experience. Whether you're a school-leaver, re-entering the workforce or an adult simply wishing to change careers this is the perfect opportunity, so don't miss out!


About the team


The Strategy, Portfolio and Investment (SPI) branch leads Sydney Trains Enterprise Strategy and Planning, Investment Management, Enterprise Portfolio Management, the Network Growth Portfolio, and Reporting, Analytics and Insights. These Trainee roles sit within the Reporting, Analytics and Insights (RAI) team and they are passionate about turning data into information and insights to help the business make better decisions and drive action.


The Opportunity


Fantastic opportunity to earn while obtaining a nationally recognised qualification
Opportunity to play a key role in Sydney Trains to assist with fundamental skills across the insight’s values chain, including skills across data, analytics, technology and process.
Being able to find and extract data to understand how this helps to run the business.
Learn the technical skills and gainexposure to key frameworks as agile ways of working.
Functions within Data and Analytics include; Data and Reporting Analytics, Locations Services (Mapping services), Governance and Security, Asset Management Network Performance and Service Delivery
Excellent career opportunities within Transport after completion of the program
Multiple positions available in Burwood location


What’s on offer?


2 years full-time work and salary while you study
Tuition from TAFE/RPO with fees paid in full by Transport for NSW
Flexible work and study arrangements
On the job training with development opportunities through internal and external training courses
Opportunity to learn 'hands-on' skills within Data and Analytics
Certificate IV inInformation, Communication Technology (ITC)qualification on successful completion
Opportunity to apply for a full-time position at Transport for NSW once you graduate.


About you:


Note: This is an Aboriginal Identified position.
Eligibility to meet the requirements to enrol in the Certificate IV inInformation, Communication Technology (ITC)through TAFE/RPO
Be enthusiastic and eager to learn on the job by following instructions
Work well within a team environment
Be prepared to be given tasks to complete and find new ways of agile working
You are an Australian/NZ citizenORan Australian Permanent Resident
You can commence full time employment from approx. 06 June 2022


Check out the Data and Analytics Trainee Role Description here


Salary


Your salary for this position is RC2 ($65,211 - $74,659) per annum plus superannuation.


Interested?


If you are 16 years of age or over, you can apply today!


Joining Transport for NSW, you’ll have access to a range of unique government benefits in a flexible work environment like no other. If you’re ready to step into this meaningful and rewarding role, we want to hear from you!


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and answer all questions within the online application process. Please note, direct applications via email will not be accepted.
This vacancy is an identified Aboriginal recruitment under Part 5, clause 26 of the Government Sector Employment (General) Rules 2014. Aboriginality will be confirmed during the selection process.


For Aboriginal specific information regarding working with Transport for NSW, our Aboriginal network, career development opportunities and support systems, please email Aboriginal.Employment@transport.nsw.gov.au


Supporting Aboriginal people at Transport


We achieve our goals as an organisation by supporting our Aboriginal employees and their career development goals. Here at Transport, we do this through organisation-wide strategies, including our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP). Our RAP outlines practical actions for developing relationships with Aboriginal people, engaging our people in reconciliation and creating long-term career opportunities for Aboriginal people.


Aboriginal people at Transport are invited to join dedicated professional communities including Aboriginal staff Yarn ups and the Aboriginal Employee Network. These forums create opportunities for Aboriginal colleagues to connect, share and learn in a culturally safe space. Our Aboriginal Cultural Education program is also open to all Transport people to bring about a deeper understanding of Aboriginal customers, colleagues, and communities throughout our organisation. Aboriginal targeted and identified job ads5 Transport’s Aboriginal Employment Unit is run by a dedicated team of Aboriginal employees, to support the employee experiences of Aboriginal people working at Transport or considering joining a job with us.


Right now, Transport employs over 700 Aboriginal people who make up 2.3% of our overall workforce. We’re on track to increase Aboriginal representation at Transport to 3% and increase the number of Aboriginal people in senior leadership roles by 2025. In our regional divisions, Aboriginal people represent 5.4% of the total workforce


Applications close: 29 May, 11:59 pm on Sunday


Apply today to register your interest!


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them and their teams. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Angelina Abraham at ANGELINA.ABRAHAM@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.

Apply today to register your interest!

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process with Sydney Trains.

Find out more about Sydney Trains at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/sydneytrains/about-sydney-trains.


Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:
appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Analytics, Database, Data Analyst, Trainee, Recruiting, Technology, Management, Entry Level, Data, Human Resources"
18,"How will I help?
The Chief Transformation Office (CTO) is responsible for project delivery within the Business Lending line of business. We are seeking a Business Analyst to join persistent team model within Business Lending CTO. You will play a pivotal role that will focus on the prioritised epics for Simplification and Compliance. The aim of persistent team model is to retain knowledge and network within the group by retaining resources post project closure and standardising Business Analyst practices across the group.

What’s in it for you?
You will build your profile internally with senior stakeholders and be part of the future of a business that has been around for 200 years. You'll be working for an organisation that supports development, internal career moves and flexible working. Along with competitive salary, you’ll receive Westpac’s generous benefits and a whole array of customer discounts.

What do I need?
The ideal candidate will have prior experience as a Business Analyst. You will need to be able to provide validation on requirements to junior BAs. You will have strong stakeholder management experience and be able to influence their attitude and resolve business problems. You will also need to:
Produce project deliverables adhering to Westpac Project Delivery Framework and Group Enterprise delivery and governance standards
Good understanding of both Waterfall and Agile project delivery frameworks.
Produce high quality process maps for peer review
Input and support into RAID & RCM
Estimates duration and effort of tasks and demonstrates effective time management
Ensure risks are managed with support from Delivery Lead or Risk representative
Interprets and breaks down complex data into sizeable components.
Support Solution Design - Works with others to support identifying insights to enable the design of data-driven solutions that meet defined business needs and requirements.
Oversee Solution Delivery - Assists with tasks and activities that contribute to the delivery of solutions to advance realisation of solution outcomes.

What is it like to work there?
As well as good pay and a great culture, joining the Westpac family means you’ll get some of the best banking, wealth and insurance benefits in the market. We’ll even pay you to do volunteer or community work. We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.
The health and well-being of our employees is our top priority. We have developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they are working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
For more information visit careers.westpacgroup.com.au
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
19,"Posted
02-May-2022
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Data & Analytics
Location(s)
Adelaide - South Australia - Australia, Brisbane - Queensland - Australia, Melbourne - Victoria - Australia, Perth - Western Australia - Australia, Sydney - New South Wales - Australia
Newly created role due to growth and expansion in our Data Analytics team
Dynamic and fast-paced team with strong integration and collaboration with the business
Location: Australia | WFH | Flexible & remote working available

CBRE is the world's leading and largest commercial real estate services and investment firm; a growing and visionary organisation, comprised of the best and brightest professionals. We are invested in the development and unique needs of our diverse employees and strive to create an inclusive environment that allows our employee to bring their full selves to work.

Here's what you’ll achieve;

Operating in a diverse and progressive commercial environment, you’ll maintain data quality within technology systems, including assistance with data migration, cleansing and other data-related activities
Assist with development, maintenance and use of reports to extract relevant data from technology systems.
Contribute to and champion data governance tools, operations, policies, and projects, participating in cross-functional working groups to develop, implement, maintain, evolve and enhance data governance practices, components and change management activities associated
Build, develop and implement effective monitoring and training across a variety of data platforms to ensure data quality and compliance
Develop and maintain inventory of the enterprise information maps, including main LOB systems of record and associated owners
Partner with staff within CBRE and IT to develop data quality standards and maintain policies, standards and procedures to guide the usage of data across CBRE and provide oversight and support for 3rd party data sharing requests.

About you:

Guidance of 3-5 years of experience and strong knowledge of data management and governance concepts including policies, standards and procedures
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data / Information Management, or relevant discipline
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to influence at different levels of the organisation and promote cross functional collaboration
Strong understanding of data governance best practices
Effective analytical skills to examine data management environments and make recommendations on improvements
Working knowledge of legal and regulatory concepts relevant to the data space for the commercial real estate sector within the Pacific region is preferred.

What’s in it for you?

People are the foundation upon which our success is built. Our company is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. Our people are free to expand their skills and knowledge to drive their careers and reach their full potential.

We value flexibility and our people work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing, development and performance. Our people benefit from a range of educational, financial, lifestyle, health and wellbeing benefits and programs, corporate partnerships and discounts, CBRE Cares Foundation, competitive leave offerings and paid volunteer days.

Can we inspire you to join us?

At CBRE, our unwavering commitment to diversity, equity & inclusion begins with you. We are strengthening our inclusive culture, so everyone feels safe, valued, & heard. Because when you belong, we all succeed.

We look forward to hearing from you."
20,"About the company
illion is the leading independent provider of trusted data and analytics products and services in Australia and New Zealand. illion is headquartered in Melbourne with offices in all major metropolitan cities across Australia and New Zealand. Our team work with leading brands in our region to bring data & analytics to life.
About the role / Business Unit
Our Bureau Operations team are the first point of contact to consumers and our customers, supporting them at a day to day operational level with anything related to our data in the Bureau. The team manage incoming queries related to the data in our bureau, working closely with internal stakeholders to meet customer requirements
Duties
To manage, monitor and analyse all data load processes on illion's CCB
To support client data related queries in accordance with defined SLAs
To provide level 1 support to clients across CCB & IDV API channels
To ensure service optimisation and minimal downtime, across all products supported by the Customer Support team
Skills & Experience
Ability to maintain focus in a high paced environment with a strong attention to detail
Proactive problem solving and analytical skills
The capacity to communicate effectively with all levels building co-operative relationships with associates and management.
A general interest in credit reporting or previous experience in the credit industry.
Intermediate to strong skills/knowledge in: Excel, SQL, SAS, Powerpoint
Culture
At illion, we are always seeking innovative and forward-thinking individuals to join us on our journey. Our culture is unique. It's fast, results-driven and dynamic. It's certainly not for everyone. But if you thrive in a high performing environment - illion could be for you!
Benefits
Just for the Health of it - illion Wellbeing Program - corporate massages and flu vaccinations included
Social Club - Quarterly calendar of events allowing team member to network and socialised in a fun and relaxed environment
Leadership Development Programs - build your skillset and become an illion future leader
How to Apply
To apply, please click ""Apply Now"" button and we will be in touch shortly.
Here at illion, we value diversity and inclusion and believe that we are able to grow and learn better together with a diverse team of employees. By joining illion you'll be part of an inclusive culture that celebrates a diversity of cultures, skill sets, educations and opinions. People from all culturally diverse backgrounds including Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Peoples are encouraged to apply."
21,"Job no: 505256
Work type: Permanent Full-Time
Location: Sydney

Data Analyst – Sydney
Could this be one of those rare moments to do the best work of your career? At Tabcorp, our story continues to evolve every day. Now we’re doubling our impact. We’re demerging, with a sharp focus on two new ASX-listed companies: The Lottery Corporation, Australia’s largest lottery company, and new Tabcorp, a leading diversified wagering operator and gaming services provider. For the next 12 months and beyond, we’re bringing the brightest minds together to go bigger and braver than ever. Game to join us?
What you’ll do -
Your role as the Data Analyst delivers data and analytics across customer and wagering business with the goal of improving both financial performance and operational processes in the business.
Key accountabilities -
Engage with various stakeholders within the business championing Analytics.
Automate weekly business reporting processes ensuring accuracy and timeliness of output
Improve any current manual BAU processes through automation
Support the business by identifying problems and providing solutions by applying the appropriate tools & techniques
Focus on delivering immediate support to Trading and Risk functions
Develop and maintain current Tableau dashboards
Support Customer & Wagering Team Lead with data preparation and/or presentations for key tasks & priorities
Participate in change initiatives by implementing new directions/initiatives and providing appropriate information and feedback
Continue to develop enablers to achieve change: report improvements, self-service model, data democratization.



What you’ll bring -


Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business, Computer Engineering, or a related field
1-3 Years relevant analytics experience
Degree level qualification specializing in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field, or equivalent experience with data analytics
Competent in both Business & Analytic Tools (Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, Tableau, R, Python)
Experience with data manipulation and analysis through professional experience
Experience in automation techniques



About Tabcorp
We’re Australia’s largest gambling entertainment company. Together, we build on our 100+ year heritage by delivering Excitement with Integrity, every day. Each one of us is here to put our customers at the heart of everything we do by creating moments that engage, surprise and thrill.


Our 4,000+ strong team is as diverse as Australia itself. Our people drive homegrown world-class brands, Tatts, TAB, Sky Racing, Sky Sports Radio and MAX. As an ASX listed company we’re proud to shape our industry for the better. Because together, anything’s possible.


Tabcorp is committed to creating an inclusive workplace where all our people feel valued for their unique qualities and have a sense of belonging. If you need assistance or adjustments to fully participate in the application process, please contact tabcorprecruitment@tabcorp.com.au


COVID
Tabcorp is closely monitoring Department of Health guidelines to ensure we continue to provide a safe working environment. You may be required to present evidence of Covid vaccination in order to comply with Public Health directions and fulfil the requirements of this role.


Demerger subject to shareholder, court, regulatory and other approvals.


Advertised: 27 Apr 2022 5:30 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 18 May 2022 11:55 PM AUS Eastern Standard Time"
22,"Senior Data Analyst

About us

TrafficGuard is the world’s first truly omni-channel, full-funnel fraud and invalid traffic solution. Publicly listed on the ASX, TrafficGuard operates in one of the largest addressable markets in digital advertising and provides solutions for one of the largest problems yet to be solved. We provide the technology and data to enable advertisers to maximise efficiency and growth.

We have scaled our platform into almost 4,000 advertisers globally (including multiple Unicorns) to enable them to verify their advertising in real-time and find and remove invalid traffic. Along the way, TrafficGuard has picked up numerous awards for both its anti-fraud and optimisation capabilities and has been recognised as one of the most innovative companies in Australia.

We are continuing to scale up and are looking to enhance our team to support our growth strategy. TrafficGuard has Unicorn potential. Can you be part of the team that gets us there?

About the role

We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Analyst to join our team. You will be part of a growing and innovative, award-winning company transforming the online advertising ecosystem.

We are seeking applicants in the regions of SEA, EMEA & LATAM to join TrafficGuard on a full-time remote working arrangement.

This Senior Data Analyst will work as part of our Customer Success team alongside Data Analysts in the APAC region. Our Customer Success team are custodians of the client relationship and rely heavily on the Senior Data Analyst role in supporting customers in their understanding of their advertising performance.

The key responsibilities of this role will include:
Working as a part of a high performing customer success team on a day-to-day basis.
Build relationships with customers and support them in their understanding of their advertising performance by collecting and analysing data and surfacing useful insights.
Triage customer and internal inquiries by acting as the first line of analysis.
Working alongside a multi-award-winning product team defining new capabilities and product features.
Present a clear narrative to the key stakeholders and build automated routines and BI resources for continued consumption of the insights.
Provide visibility of critical customer success metrics and insight into customer expansion opportunities
Lead research for case studies and white papers on ad fraud and invalid traffic patterns.
Providing thought leadership in both using data to solve business problems and in arriving at innovative statistical solutions.


What’s on offer

TrafficGuard is an innovative and progressive company with huge potential. We have a dynamic and energetic employee base, giving you access to some of the best minds in the industry.

Working with us gives you access to heaps of benefits including:
Fully flexible working options.
Career growth.
Yearly professional development allowance.
Yearly wellness allowance.
Great company culture.
Regular social activities.
Competitive salaries.
The opportunity to work with innovative and dynamic teams.
The opportunity to be part of our growth and come on this journey with us!

About you

The ideal candidate will be a curious, consultative, data detective with proficiency in ad analytics and a relentless need to “figure-it-out”.

The successful candidate will have:
5+ years experience in a similar role.
Consulting or customer-facing experience.
Media agency experience is highly regarded.
Advanced SQL skills - both in query development and performance tuning.
Business analysis skills.
Expert knowledge with BI applications such as Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, Domo, or Microstrategy.
Experience with Google Ads
Demonstrated ability of in-depth campaign and audience data analysis to identify trends, insights and benchmark performance
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to drive and deliver projects and meet deadlines.
A willingness to learn and a strong drive to progress.


How to apply

To apply, please send through your CV and a cover letter outlining your experience.

For a confidential discussion, please contact Kiren Singh, HR Manager, on Kiren.singh@adveritas.com.au

We are open to out of the box candidates, who may not have all the experience we are looking for, but who are driven and capable. If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!"
23,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time / 24 Months
Organisation: Department of Treasury and Finance
Salary: $102,637 - $124,183
Occupation: IT and Telecommunications
Reference: VG/DTF/CGS/1627547
An exciting opportunity exists for two highly self-motivated team players to deliver ITS data analytics program at the Department of Treasury and Finance (DTF). The successful applicants will have a hands-on experience as a Tableau or Oracle Analytics analyst/subject matter expert (SME).
About us
The Department of Treasury and Finance provides economic, financial and resource management advice to help the Victorian Government deliver its policies. We strive for excellence in financial and economic management to improve the lives of all Victorians.
Information and Technology Services (ITS) is part of the Corporate Delivery Services Group and supports DTF with its information technology needs, including support for telephony services, applications, ICT operations and IT development.
About the role
The Data Analytics and Reporting team is a newly formed team comprises of some highly skilled data analysts, specialists, and BI developers. We provide a centralised data integration platform to support divisional analytics users, as well as manage data strategy and governance across DTF. The team has an exciting and ambitious plan to build a data warehouse and integration platform to enable the growth of data culture and use of data to support decision making.
Key Accountabilities -
Build data models, design, schedule and maintain automated reports and dashboards using Tableau and Oracle Analytics.
Work with Cloud based data warehouses and ETL/ELT platform (Azure/Oracle) and application databases.
Identify data sources and provide detailed technical plan to design, implement and document data mappings using ETL/ELT tools in Azure/Oracle Cloud.
Manage issues and incidents against Service Level Targets and communicate findings.
Act as an analytics platform administrator/subject matter expert and provide support for business users including but not limited to user onboarding, license allocation, user enablement and training, and incident management.
Monitor analytics platforms and tools performance to ensure scalability and sizing for current usage and future growth.
Work with the team and service providers to support DTF analytics platforms (Tableau Online, Azure Data Warehouse, and Oracle Analytics Cloud Services) and tool maintenance through updates, patching, testing and integration to ensure high availability.
About you
You are passionate about data and are someone who can see the big picture, while having mastery of the details. You are a self-starter, an excellent communicator, enjoy learning, and thrive on taking the initiative and pioneering new and creative ideas. You are confident and comfortable working with ambiguity and uncertainty.
In this technical role, you will have some experience and a general enthusiasm for our green field environment. You have excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills, enjoy working in a diverse team.
To be considered for this role, you must be able to demonstrate the following
Experience in Tableau, Azure Data Warehouse, Power BI, and SQL.
Knowledge in Oracle reporting and analytics would be an added advantage.
Experience in the public sector or demonstrated understanding of the public sector dynamics would be an added advantage.
Relevant qualification (e.g. Information Technology, Information Systems, Data Management, Data Science, Applied Mathematics) or equivalent to provide a subject matter expert level of data modelling and analysis
Relevant post graduate qualification in data science, data analytics, or other related technical field desirable.
About our culture
We aim to be a model employer providing an inclusive workplace that is understanding and respectful of differences such as gender, identity, race, disability or age. In addition, we are committed to supporting Aboriginal pathways between education and employment.
The Department strives to create an environment that supports a flexible and adaptive workforce. All requests for flexible working arrangements will be considered in line with operational requirements.
How to apply
For more information about the position and key selection criteria, please refer to the position description. If you have specific questions regarding the role, please contact Shakuntala on shakuntala.markandeya@dtf.vic.gov.au
To apply, select the ‘Apply Now' button and provide a copy of your resume and cover letter summarising your skills and relevant experience.
Applications close 27th May 2022
If you require a copy of this advertisement in an accessible format, please email careers@dtf.vic.gov.au.
Vaccination
DTF is committed to providing and maintaining a working environment which is safe and without risk consistent with the DTF's obligations under the Public Health and Wellbeing Act 2008 (Vic). Therefore, it is a requirement that all employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to undertake work outside of their ordinary place of residence (unless a medical exemption applies). If inability to attend a DTF worksite impacts an employee's ability to perform the inherent requirements of their role, it may affect their ongoing employment."
24,"Maven is looking for outstanding Data Analysts with the engineering and analytical skills to help drive our continuing success to the next level. You will work alongside the best traders and developers, using open-source and in-house tools to provide expertise and solve problems for our systematic trading business.
Previous experience in Python, pandas and related tools is a must, as are fluency in programming fundamentals and mathematical techniques. Experience in financial markets and securities is essential. Time series data is beneficial but not essential. This is a full-time, permanent role based in Sydney, with a competitive remuneration package comprising a base salary, benefits and bonus.
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE YOU HAVE
3 years financial industry commercial experience minimum;
Sound knowledge of financial markets & securities (particularly futures, options & equities);
Strong Python skills including experience with Numpy and Pandas;
Business communication skills & ability to present information clearly and concisely;
Enthusiasm to rapidly learn new technologies and skills;
Efficient and diligent with a strong attention to detail;
Bachelor degree with a minimum 2.1 grade or equivalent.
The stuff it would be great if you have already (but if not you will learn in this role):
Experience working with large data sets;
Time series data experience;
Experience in C++;
Containerisation (Docker, Kubernetes, serverless).


MAVEN DATA SERVICES TEAM
The Data Services team is responsible for the delivery of reliable, timely and accurate data and visualisations for the trading and research teams at Maven. Our data pipelines handle terabytes of exchange traffic, performing numerous transformations in real-time covering all the markets traded by Maven. We also provide perform analysis ranging from nanosecond-level investigations on low-latency trading systems to research on trading strategies covering entire markets.
We are a small team who sit on the trading floor and we partner with the trading desks and software development teams. Over the next year Data Services will be building out the Maven Data Lake. This will become the central repository for data loads and processing pipelines. The Data Lake will allow easy discovery of and access to different data sets, as well as the ability to create and maintain derived data sets as required by our users. Due to the volume and number of data sets we manage at Maven, this is a formidable challenge that will require innovative technical solutions.


Maven is a proprietary trading organisation formed in 2011. We employ the most talented traders, developers and engineers in the market, executing a diverse range of strategies across global equities and derivatives. We are the most active participant in many of the products we trade, contributing significant liquidity to markets around the world.
Maven has a culture that is relaxed and informal but highly rewarding of strong performance; there's no dress code, plenty of free food and regular social events. We have offices in London, Hong Kong and New York and will be opening a new Chicago office in early 2020 as part of our plans to expand our coverage of derivatives markets."
25,"Company Description

We are Powershop, Australia’s most recognised climate conscious energy retailer. We have been championing renewable energy and carbon neutrality since we began in 2014. We offer carbon neutral electricity and gas plans for customers in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. Powershop has recently been acquired by Shell Energy Australia and under our new ownership, together with Shell’s support and resources, we will continue our purpose to transition our customers to a more sustainable and innovative energy future.

There has never been a better time to join us. We have a brand-new office in the heart of Collins Street that is geared up for collaboration, socialisation and rewarding work. Although this is a location we chose to “team” in at different times, we are equally comfortable doing our best work remotely too.

Job Description

This is an exciting time to join the team as a Business Analyst, while we will look to scale our business and our operations as Powershop integrates into the Shell Energy family!

You’ll work closely with the Delivery Manager and teammates across the business and our 3rd party vendors to develop business requirements, map and document existing business procedures, assist with change management, work with development teams to confirm technical interpretation of requirements, redesign processes and work with change owners and teams to confirm UAT test scope and coverage.

Working with all aspects of the project delivery team but also independently, you’ll deliver cross-functional project and change management program documentation to really understand and dissect the customer journey & experience, along with operational and pricing processes.

Qualifications

You’ll need to have an analytical skillset to develop and interpret insights from data sets to inform design and design making. You’ll also need to be proficient in management programs such as JIRA Proficient, along with the ability to map processes in an articulate manner.

The ability to work well in a team and independently is also critical, as is your communication skills as you will be working with a wide range of stakeholders both face to face, and virtually.

Additional Information

In addition to an attractive salary package, we offer a diverse and inclusive culture that provides benefits that are about making life better and easier, for you and your family.

You’ll get a great working environment, opportunities for ongoing training and professional development and the ability to work both in the office and remotely.

We would love to hear from you! For any queries, please contact Nicole Speers via email Nicole.speers@powershop.com.au

Advertising closes 17 May at 9pm (please note this is subject to change)"
26,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Perth, WA, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27298


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?

You will be responsible for:
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and providing reports as needed
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Implement organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determine level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones. Responsible for the timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Document formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 to 5 years of related Business or Data Analysis experience.
Advanced understanding of SQL, Microsoft Office
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Excellent organization, analytical, planning and leadership skills
Experience in dealing with multiple projects and cross-functional teams and ability to coordinate across teams in a large matrix organization environment
Strong relationship building and consulting skills. Fosters a climate conducive to establishing positive working relationships with clients and cross functional team members

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
27,"Regulatory Data Analyst
Use your analytical skills to provide data-driven, rail safety insights and reports that help ONRSR deliver safe railways for Australia.
About the Role
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Risk and Analysis, the role is principally responsible for the provision of analytical support to the Brisbane Office Operations team. The role works closely with Rail Safety Officers, Rail Information Officers and other Analysts to deliver timely and accurate analysis reports and services in support of ONRSR’s risk-based approach to regulation.
The role is a key member of ONRSR’s Risk & Analysis team, a small, geographically-dispersed and collaborative team, responsible for providing data-driven rail safety insights and risk advice to internal and external stakeholders. As a Brisbane-based Analyst, you will also be an integral member of the Brisbane Office Operations team, which is responsible for overseeing the safety of railway operations in Queensland.
About You
We are seeking a motivated, diligent and customer service-oriented Analyst. To be successful in the role you will need to be a team player who demonstrates initiative and adopts a collaborative approach in the work environment. You will have proven statistical, analytical and problem-solving skills, with experience using business intelligence tools to model data and create interactive visualisations. You will be experienced in meeting regular deadlines and be committed to continuously improving work processes.
You will be expected to work with a number of key stakeholders within the organisation in a consultative capacity, both locally and across state boundaries. Effective communication and interpersonal skills are therefore essential.
About Us
The Office of the National Rail Safety Regulator (ONRSR) has the responsibility for regulatory oversight of rail safety throughout Australia. As an independent regulatory authority, ONRSR pursues safe railways for Australia by encouraging safe rail operations, enforcing national compliance with the Rail Safety National Law, and promoting and improving rail safety across the country.
ONRSR actively encourages productive working relationships, a healthy work-life balance, workplace diversity and development of expertise. In addition, the organisation offers a commitment to learning and development, and flexible work options. Further details on the benefits of working at ONRSR can be found at https://www.onrsr.com.au/about-onrsr/working-at-onrsr
The Application Process
It is to your benefit that you read the which sets out the key responsibilities and selection criteria for the role. The is attached below and can also be found at https://www.onrsr.com.au/about-onrsr/working-at-onrsr
Your application must include:
A cover letter of no more than two pages that addresses the selection criteria and details why you are suited to the role; and
Your resume.
As part of the recruitment and selection process, you will be required to undertake a National Police Check if you are one of the preferred candidates. The results may not necessarily preclude appointment to the position.
Personal information is handled in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles. For more information, download our privacy notice or privacy policy at www.onrsr.com.au.
Enquiries to: Dane Newton, Senior Manager Risk & Analysis 0408 983 781
Salary: $95,028 â€“ $100,024 + 10% super
Applications close: COB Monday, 30 May 2022
NOTE:
You must be an Australian citizen, permanent resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
Applications are sought from direct candidates only. No agencies please.
Application closing dates are at the discretion of ONRSR and may change without notice.
- Regulatory Data Analyst"
28,"Here’s why our people work for oOh!
oOh! has an amazing team culture, we offer a very social place with a good balance of work & play
Excellent company culture with a family oriented working environment
Flexible working hours to assist with a healthy work life balance
Here is why we need you…
Due to ongoing growth in our Data and Insights team, we’re on the hunt for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team where you will be take your passion for data and analytics to the next level. We're open to having this role located in our North Sydney, South Melbourne or Brisbane offices.
Here's what you'll do...
Be responsible for performing data analysis, collating information, checking and then communicating results to stakeholders
Show strong competency in clear data visualisation and reporting
Be an expert in analysing trends, building reports and understanding segmentation and marketing analytics
Be proactive in troubleshooting problems and source effective outcomes
Respond to data related requests from our Product and Sales teams
This is what you’ll look like…
At least 2 years experience as a Data Analyst
Experienced in using SQL for data management
Experienced in analysing data using Python or R to generate insights and communicating insights to business users
Experience with BI reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau etc.
Provide analytical support across marketing campaign execution & optimisation
Knowledge and basic understanding of AWS
Experience from an agency environment highly beneficial
Who are we:
www.oohmedia.com.au
What’s next:
If you’re curious, brave, and ready to leap into a career like no other, we’re ready to open our doors to you. Apply now.
If you meet most of the role requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
oOh! actively seeks to include and value the unique talents, perspectives, experiences, and contributions of all people."
29,"Why we are hiring now:
SecondQuarter is Australia's first and only venture secondaries fund. We provide long-term liquidity to shareholders of venture-backed Australian and New Zealand technology companies. We have $51m under management and exposures to some of Australia’s best private technology companies, including Canva, Athena, Propeller, Assignar, ActivePipe, Go1 and UpGuard.
The opportunity for secondary venture capital in Australia is vast. And, as the first-mover in this space we’re already fast becoming the go-to liquidity partner to the ANZ venture ecosystem. Our capital is impactful. It is used to help the people creating the value in the best ANZ technology companies realise some of it along the way. Many of the beneficiaries of our liquidity use it to create a better journey for their families.
We’re a young business, but we’re building a multi-generational venture capital funds manager. We will shortly be closing out our second fund which will be substantially larger than our first. We are hiring now to find up to two like-minded investor(s) to help us continue to scale as we look to raise new funds, build new products and expand our portfolio.
Job Description
This is an opportunity to join a fast-paced high growth Australian venture fund early in its life. You will be working directly in SecondQuarter’s Investment Team as one of its earliest members. You will be an active contributor to the formation of our investment frameworks and the composition of our portfolio. You will get front-line experience in venture capital investing and funds management with an ability to evolve over time into a specialisation that appeals. You will also get an exceptional entry into the Australian venture capital ecosystem and access to some of the minds that shape it.
Broadly speaking, the two key areas where you will spend your time include:
1. Due diligence:
Taking the lead on analysing new investment opportunities. This will involve collecting the information required to take investment opportunities from being a lead, through SecondQuarter’s investment funnel and to a point at which an investment decision can be made. It will include:
Meeting with the Founders and management alongside the Investment Team;
Company and market research;
Data analysis
Preparation of short form and long form investment materials (including financial analysis);
Building a logical valuation argument for each investment we make.
2. Research and portfolio management:
We are focused on continuously improving the quality and efficiency of the frameworks that power SecondQuarter’s decision making processes. You will assist in the development and management of processes that improve how we:
monitor existing portfolio companies; and
research new companies and sectors that are potential targets for SecondQuarter.
What are we looking for and who should apply?
There is no mould for a great venture capital investor. We value finding a candidate that brings the right attributes, personality and approach over one with a particular experience or background. So while there are no prerequisite skills for this job, you will be:
Data-driven: analytical and comfortable working with cloud-based data analysis tools to solve problems;
Curious: a clear passion for solving the considerable unknowns in technology investing;
Independent: an ability to work independently, with equal parts initiative and natural drive that allows you to navigate issues with independence, self-assurance and confidence;
A critical thinker: an ability to distil simplicity from complex concepts and articulate them
Humble: we are a team that acts in the best interests of our founders, investors and each other. There is no task too large or small, and all of us are willing to roll up our sleeves to get the work done. We share responsibility for our vision and don’t let egos to get in the way;
A builder: like the founders we support, we are on a journey to create something enduring here at SecondQuarter. We want people who are inspired to be on that journey with us, and are passionate about a career where they can actively contribute to building a sustainable long-term business and the culture that defines it.
We encourage anyone with a passion for technology and venture capital investing to apply. Ideally, you will have 2+ years of work experience where you’ve developed your critical thinking and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate for this role will be naturally analytical and comfortable with the foundations of data structuring, analysis and presentation. This includes being a whiz on excel and good with cloud productivity tools.
The position is ideally based in Sydney and we support remote working. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
To apply, please visit: https://secondquarter.vc/investment-analyst
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 – $139,799.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday"
30,"Here’s why our people work for oOh!
oOh! has an amazing team culture, we offer a very social place with a good balance of work & play
Excellent company culture with a family oriented working environment
Flexible working hours to assist with a healthy work life balance
Here is why we need you…
Due to ongoing growth in our Data and Insights team, we’re on the hunt for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team where you will be take your passion for data and analytics to the next level. We're open to having this role located in our North Sydney, South Melbourne or Brisbane offices.
Here's what you'll do...
Be responsible for performing data analysis, collating information, checking and then communicating results to stakeholders
Show strong competency in clear data visualisation and reporting
Be an expert in analysing trends, building reports and understanding segmentation and marketing analytics
Be proactive in troubleshooting problems and source effective outcomes
Respond to data related requests from our Product and Sales teams
This is what you’ll look like…
At least 2 years experience as a Data Analyst
Experienced in using SQL for data management
Experienced in analysing data using Python or R to generate insights and communicating insights to business users
Experience with BI reporting tools such as Power BI, Tableau etc.
Provide analytical support across marketing campaign execution & optimisation
Knowledge and basic understanding of AWS
Experience from an agency environment highly beneficial
Who are we:
www.oohmedia.com.au
What’s next:
If you’re curious, brave, and ready to leap into a career like no other, we’re ready to open our doors to you. Apply now.
If you meet most of the role requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
oOh! actively seeks to include and value the unique talents, perspectives, experiences, and contributions of all people."
31,"Why we are hiring now:
SecondQuarter is Australia's first and only venture secondaries fund. We provide long-term liquidity to shareholders of venture-backed Australian and New Zealand technology companies. We have $51m under management and exposures to some of Australia’s best private technology companies, including Canva, Athena, Propeller, Assignar, ActivePipe, Go1 and UpGuard.
The opportunity for secondary venture capital in Australia is vast. And, as the first-mover in this space we’re already fast becoming the go-to liquidity partner to the ANZ venture ecosystem. Our capital is impactful. It is used to help the people creating the value in the best ANZ technology companies realise some of it along the way. Many of the beneficiaries of our liquidity use it to create a better journey for their families.
We’re a young business, but we’re building a multi-generational venture capital funds manager. We will shortly be closing out our second fund which will be substantially larger than our first. We are hiring now to find up to two like-minded investor(s) to help us continue to scale as we look to raise new funds, build new products and expand our portfolio.
Job Description
This is an opportunity to join a fast-paced high growth Australian venture fund early in its life. You will be working directly in SecondQuarter’s Investment Team as one of its earliest members. You will be an active contributor to the formation of our investment frameworks and the composition of our portfolio. You will get front-line experience in venture capital investing and funds management with an ability to evolve over time into a specialisation that appeals. You will also get an exceptional entry into the Australian venture capital ecosystem and access to some of the minds that shape it.
Broadly speaking, the two key areas where you will spend your time include:
1. Due diligence:
Taking the lead on analysing new investment opportunities. This will involve collecting the information required to take investment opportunities from being a lead, through SecondQuarter’s investment funnel and to a point at which an investment decision can be made. It will include:
Meeting with the Founders and management alongside the Investment Team;
Company and market research;
Data analysis
Preparation of short form and long form investment materials (including financial analysis);
Building a logical valuation argument for each investment we make.
2. Research and portfolio management:
We are focused on continuously improving the quality and efficiency of the frameworks that power SecondQuarter’s decision making processes. You will assist in the development and management of processes that improve how we:
monitor existing portfolio companies; and
research new companies and sectors that are potential targets for SecondQuarter.
What are we looking for and who should apply?
There is no mould for a great venture capital investor. We value finding a candidate that brings the right attributes, personality and approach over one with a particular experience or background. So while there are no prerequisite skills for this job, you will be:
Data-driven: analytical and comfortable working with cloud-based data analysis tools to solve problems;
Curious: a clear passion for solving the considerable unknowns in technology investing;
Independent: an ability to work independently, with equal parts initiative and natural drive that allows you to navigate issues with independence, self-assurance and confidence;
A critical thinker: an ability to distil simplicity from complex concepts and articulate them
Humble: we are a team that acts in the best interests of our founders, investors and each other. There is no task too large or small, and all of us are willing to roll up our sleeves to get the work done. We share responsibility for our vision and don’t let egos to get in the way;
A builder: like the founders we support, we are on a journey to create something enduring here at SecondQuarter. We want people who are inspired to be on that journey with us, and are passionate about a career where they can actively contribute to building a sustainable long-term business and the culture that defines it.
We encourage anyone with a passion for technology and venture capital investing to apply. Ideally, you will have 2+ years of work experience where you’ve developed your critical thinking and problem solving skills. The ideal candidate for this role will be naturally analytical and comfortable with the foundations of data structuring, analysis and presentation. This includes being a whiz on excel and good with cloud productivity tools.
The position is ideally based in Sydney and we support remote working. Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience.
To apply, please visit: https://secondquarter.vc/investment-analyst
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 – $139,799.00 per year
Schedule:
Monday to Friday"
32,"Are you dedicated to data mining, interpreting, and visually presenting timely and insightful reports and findings on all Ministry marketing and operational activities?
Vision Christian Media is looking for a skilled and experienced Data Research and Analytics Coordinator to join our ministry team.
Full-time position.
Brisbane location (Springwood).
Immediate start.
Applications close at midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022.
The Opportunity
This is a team member role accountable to the Digital Media department manager, and working within the Media, Marketing and Communications division.
Vision began in community radio and printed publications. However, with the growth of multi-media digital platforms, social media and online activity, this strategically important role has been created to enable Vison too effectively, understand and respond to market forces and trends. As well as the needs of our internal stakeholders and external financial supporters and media followers, so we may always improve our management decision-making, products and services. As well as, being productive, wise and accountable for our actions in fulfilling our mission.
The successful applicant will be responsible to assist in the planning, researching, interpretation and visual presentation of data on all operational, audience, customer and supporter touchpoints for management reporting.
This is more than just a job; it is also a ministry opportunity and part of a personal gifting and calling to serve.
About Vision Christian Media
Vision Christian Media is a non-profit ministry organization, dedicated to bringing the Good News of the Gospel throughout Australia since 1986.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the country turn to us daily for encouragement, uplifting music and compelling messages through broadcast radio, printed and digital publications, podcasts, apps, and websites. We also operate a telephone prayer service and online store – all to help people look to God daily.
The Role
The Data Research and Analytics Coordinator role requires someone with deep analytical skills. Experience and competence using available analytics dashboards and services (like Google analytics). Design, build and maintain a database of regular reports and analysis as required for all digital, marketing and communications activity.
Core to your role is to gather market intelligence and deep dive into company performance data to analyse, see patterns and report in words and charts our market and operational performance. As well as, advise and recommend Vision’s online community strategy, increase awareness and trust in Vision’s brand through better data driven strategic planning, customer engagement, marketing content and coordinated digital campaigns.
Requirements for the role
The ideal applicant will have:
Appropriate sector qualification(s) and experience.
Up to date knowledge and skillsets for this type of role.
Experience with Google Analytics, Firebase, Meta Suite Analytics.
Knowledge of standard query language.
Proven ability to discern, select, develop, and present insightful reports.
Willingness to step up, investigate and recommend ideas where appropriate.
Great cross-organisational communication skills.
Proven ability to multitask in a busy environment.
Good time management skills.
Strong awareness and motivation in the pursuit of excellence.
Mature, balanced and wise judgment.
Willingness to align with our organisation’s mission, values and core beliefs
How to apply
This full-time position is based at our offices in Springwood, Queensland.
If this role sounds like you and would like to join our dynamic team, please email your resume and cover letter by midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022 to people@vision.org.au.
Your cover letter should be no more than two pages:
Tell us why you are interested in this position.
Demonstrate you have the skills, experience and heart to be successful in the role.
Only applicants with rights to work in Australia are eligible to apply.
The position will be filled when the right candidate is identified; early applications are encouraged."
33,"Overview
We are one of Australia's largest game development companies in Melbourne and we are looking for a highly skilled Front-end Programmer to join our talented team in developing a game for PC, VR, Mobile and console platforms. We’re looking for an individual that has strong UI and programming skills and will help bring our games to the next level by joining a team that holds the player’s connected experience at the core of its mission.


If you enjoy working in a young fast-paced environment, love the gaming community, and have a strong interest in games then this is a great opportunity to become part of a growing team.
Key Responsibilities
Create custom UI designs for a AAA title
Implement UI elements using CSS
Build elegant front-end solutions
Work closely with UI Artist & Game Engineers
Deliver functional, well-tested, and maintainable code
Develop, test, implement and maintain new user-facing features
Create a logical and innovative solution to address complex problems
Work closely with stakeholders to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Ensure appropriate documentation of standard procedures
Work with back-end developers to integrate UI components and contribute to design and implement new features based on project requirements
What You Bring To The Role
Proven experience in Frontend Development
Experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Strong understanding of software development best practices
Strong understanding of web accessibility and cross-browser compatibility.
Strong understanding of front-end performance and optimization.
Strong communication and excellent troubleshooting skills
Bonus Points
Experience with Node.js or any backend language
Experience with React
Experience with Microsoft Azure and/or AWS
Experience implementing UI in games
Microservices experience
Passionate about games
How to Apply
Email your application to jobs@playsidestudios.com.


Your application should include your CV, cover letter and any relevant portfolio links.

Only candidates successful will be contacted. Do keep an eye on our LinkedIn page and careers page to future roles.
Email: jobs@playsidestudios.com"
34,"Data Governance Business Analyst
If you have an appreciation for Data Management and are looking to build your career in this rapidly growing specialisation, there is a unique and exciting opportunity to join the Group Data Office within Macquarie’s Banking and Financial Services Division. In this role, you’ll be working closely with a variety of stakeholders across the business to identify and manage critical data across our group.

What impact will you have?

As a Data Governance Business Analyst, you will work alongside Data Stewards, Process Owners and Data teams, guiding the implementation of our data management activities. You will build relationships with people across the data ecosystem, helping to increase the understanding of data governance, ensuring that critical data risks are identified and that appropriate controls are in place. In joining the team, you will:
work with stakeholders to understand their critical data, business processes and data flows & controls
be involved in documentation and data element mapping across systems (definitions, validations, lineage, and assessment of data controls)
work to implement and embed the use of new data management tools across the business
assist with designing processes and templates to facilitate effective data management.
What skills will you use?

To be successful in the role, you will possess 2+ years’ experience working with data management principles. This experience may have been gained through building data solutions, identifying data requirements, or addressing data quality issues. Other key skills include:
knowledge of data management and data governance principles
prior experience translating technical concepts into business concepts
ability to produce detailed documentation – including mapping business processes and data elements
excellent communication skills and desire to partner with business stakeholders to solve interesting problems.
This is an exciting opportunity where you will find yourself involved in diverse work across the Retail Banking space, utilising your strong communication skills to work collaboratively with and build relationships across multiple products and channels.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-962124
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Patrick Lockington
Opening Date: 09/5/2022"
35,"Analyst Programmer
(At least 10+ years of experience in Banking and Financial Services domain)
Salary: AUD 90,000 - 110,000 annually. Full Time.
About INGRITY:
We are a fast-growing, progressive Sydney-based data & analytics company. We service many large corporates and SMB’s in the financial services sector, to extract value from data.

At Ingrity, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce to deliver value to customers. As a value-driven organisation, we nurture and support our people by having a laser-sharp focus on skill and talent development, collaboration, and flexibility. As part of our growth strategy, we are inviting expressions of interest from eligible candidates to join our team and help our clients achieve their goals.
Key Skills & Experience:

Technical capabilities:
Should have in-depth knowledge of data science programming languages like Python, R, and Spark.
Should have a detailed understanding of Machine learning algorithms with the ability to modify their mathematical formulations to provide best in class analytical solutions.
Proven experience in solution deployment using Rest-APIs and other web services.
Must have experience handling data science projects in the general insurance and corporate banking domain.
Must have working experience in delivering analytical projects in a distributed computing environment.
Ability to develop machine learning pipelines for production-ready solutions.
Good to have experience in delivering NLP solutions on unstructured text data.
Must have superior SQL skills.
Should have hands-on knowledge of data visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI.
Experience with Azure AI is a plus.

Non-Technical capabilities:
Ability to work within complex and challenging data environments.
Proven experience in collaborating with internal business, reporting, and data engineering teams.
Should be able to work in the capacity of solution architect providing both domain and technical solutions to client’s problems.
Ability to work independently and multi-task to meet critical deadlines in a rapidly changing environment.
Manage end-to-end delivery of data science projects comprising of solution design, ML pipeline development, and deployment.
Continuously develop new and improved data science best practices and ML capabilities.

Responsibilities:
Lead team of junior data scientists and data engineers to deliver analytical projects across the BFSI domain.
Work with both technical and business stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive solutions.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance using tools like model drift, data drift reports.
Should be able to establish reliable AI frameworks in line with AI regulation to ensure zero solution bias.

Educational Qualification:
Masters in the business domain.
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent discipline.

Your development and Career Progression:
At Ingrity we’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce to deliver value to customers. As a value-driven organisation, we nurture and support our people by having a laser-sharp focus on skill and talent development, collaboration and flexibility.
With customer service in mind at every touchpoint, we take accountability for the role we play in creating and enhancing our client's business through the use of data-driven decisioning. At Ingrity, our belief is to “Imagine the impossible”."
36,"We are looking for a Senior Project Manager (full time) to take charge of our growing team of payments enthusiasts working on our biggest project in Australia.
Abrantix is a leading software engineering company in the electronic payments space. We are currently building the team to work on this exciting project and therefore looking for people who want to grow with us and help share the future of payments technology. Our employees are our greatest asset and therefore mutual respect and appreciation, a culture of open feedback and room for creativity and personal growth are important to us.
At Abrantix, you will be given the opportunity to solve challenging problems together with our clients.


What we offer:At Abrantix, we are proud to have an open culture and consider our employees our greatest asset. We believe in flat hierarchies, direct communication, creativity, room for growth and flexible working hours. You will be part of a motivated and knowledgeable team that will support you and allow for professional growth.
We value good work/life balance. Our office in Newcastle is close to the beach, the mall and cafes and has an accessible roof top terrace. Work from home is also an option and can be discussed.
Benefits of working with Abrantix:
Exiting project involved renowned and large players in the payments industry
Flexible working hours and ability to work from home
Working as part of a small and agile team
Having the support of the team, while you take responsibility for own initiatives
Passing on your knowledge and the same time continuously learning from your peers


You can expect:We are building a team to work on a major project and starting with a Payments Business Analyst to support the current Payments Consulting team. You will also be working with the Product Team and Development Team in developing cutting edge Test Automation and Services, including robotics.
Define Business Requirements, capturing existing solution features and validating features on new solutions, with the clients
Collaboration with external clients and other third party providers
Market analysis of existing product
Prepare and run analysis on data sets as base for decision making
Maintain and feed data information system for a long-term initiative with large client
Assist in developing mock-ups and user stories, together with the Product Team and validating releases against these
Bridge the gap between business and technical, collaborating with the development team in validating releases against features and user stories


We expect:Skills and Competencies
Analytical mindset
Self-driven and team player
Excellent communicator
Knowledge and Experience
Merchant card payments experience
3+ years experience as Business Analyst
Jira/Confluence
Knowledge of card payments industry, merchant terminals and Integrated POS
Knowledge of EMV, AS2805 of advantage"
37,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Perth, WA, AU Richmond, VIC, AU, 3121

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27294


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?

You will be responsible for:
Developing and implementing databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Interpreting data and analyzing results using statistical techniques and providing reports as needed
Identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets
Active participation in data quality initiatives.
Implementing organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determining level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones.
Timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Documentation of formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.
Collaborates with application developers, designers, and architects to ensure a shared understanding of the detailed functional and technical requirements.
Work with management and leadership to identify and prioritize business needs
Participates in reviews of plans associated with project execution.
Responds proactively to both business and project issues and escalates appropriately.
Ensures communication of Change Management activities and confirms solution and schedule adaptability
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 + years of related Business or Data Analysis experience.
Experience working with Agile development processes
Working knowledge in connection data migration tools like data services and third-party systems
Deep knowledge in exception handling
Work experience in job debugging and analyze data load failures
Sound understanding of data warehousing concepts
Experience in support activities like process chain monitoring, handling data load failures and incident resolution
Experience in performance tuning of data upload and reports
Advanced understanding of SQL, Microsoft Office
In-depth knowledge of analytical modeling.
In-depth understanding of various load process steps to connect multiple target systems
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Leverage knowledge to understand the current business state of client and recognize gaps caused by change initiatives
Develop Strong Understanding of the Product
Capability to read and understand & analyze application architecture/design documents
Knowledge in VSTS (Azure DevOps) or any defect management tool is a plus
Experience in dealing with multiple projects and cross-functional teams and ability to coordinate across teams in a large matrix organization environment
Strong relationship building and consulting skills. Fosters a climate conducive to establishing positive working relationships with clients and cross functional team members

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
38,"Job Description:

At Schneider Electric, we believe access to energy and digital is a basic human right. We provide energy and automation digital solutions for efficiency and sustainability.

We’re a dynamic, global company looking for passionate people to help us lead a digitalisation revolution that champions sustainability, efficiency, and safe, affordable power for everyone. We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Data Analyst to join our high performing team based in Macquarie Park Sydney. Reporting into the Chief Data Officer, the role is responsible to translate user stories into specifications and data products/deliverables such as data visualisations and data analytics insights.

Specific responsibilities include but not limited to;

Deliver output for stakeholders (data objects through ETL, visualisations, reports etc)
Present deliverables in demos including planning & delivery of demos
Provide input to architecture and strategy for continuous improvement
Define impacts of Product Owner and CDO decisions on data model, ETL and analytics processing for sizing, planning, and feasibility
Analyse and critically evaluate planned work to resolve conflicts, anticipate issues during planning session
Review data processing results and ensure consistency, quality and relevance

About you:

The candidate of choice will be able to demonstrate competence in processing, managing and analysing data. In addition, you possess the following relevant skills and attributes to be successful:
understanding of data sourcing, profiling, management
collaborative and proactive way of working to ensure alignment on outcomes and path to delivery
demonstrated ability and drive to understand and advise on business needs and value propositions driving the analytics/reporting backlog
good level of skill in data processing (eg SQL, python, Alteryx, Redshift)
good level of skill in delivering insights and reporting (excel graphs, Tableau etc)
self driven to achieve quality outcomes


At Schneider Electric your career will be meaningful, inclusive and you will be empowered. We expect that our employees put customers first, embrace differences and act like owners. Our leaders are tasked with shaping our future, building the best teams and using their judgement to deliver results.


We’re a great place to work but we are continually striving to be the best place to work, join us and see how!

#SEGreatPeople
#LifeIsOn
#LI-SF2

All applicants must have working rights in Australia at the time of application and will be required to provide documented evidence if selected for interview.

Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles from external agencies or suppliers via any method. If any candidates are submitted in an unsolicited manner, we will consider this as a direct candidate application to Schneider Electric and no fee will be payable.
(External) English Company Boiler Plate:
Why us?
Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.

€25.7bn global revenue
137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
45% of revenue from IoT
5% of revenue devoted for R&D

You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled

It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct. Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such."
39,"Heyyyyy! We're Cashrewards, a shopping gateway to cashback deals and more from Australia’s leading brands.

We exist to make every day more rewarding for our members, for our brand partners, for sick kids and for each other.

Australian-owned and operated, Cashrewards is the market leader in the exciting cashback category. We provide our 1.3 million members with awesome cashback deals, coupons and discounts on more than 2000 of the world’s biggest brands. Apple, Myer, Liquorland, Adidas, Bonds, Target, Booking.com, THE ICONIC and many many more call our platform home.

Our brand partners work with us because our unique proposition delivers best-in-market returns on their marketing investment, growing sales and increasing customer loyalty. To date we have delivered more than $3 billion of sales for our brand partners, translating into more than $130 million of real cash savings for members. Along the way we have donated more than $1 million to the Starlight Foundation, helping bring joy to more than 26,000 sick children and their families.

We're backed by 1835i, one of Australia's leading venture funds, and we sit in their portfolio alongside some of Australia's most promising fintech and e-commerce companies including Airwallex, Valiant Finance, Divipay and Slyp.

About the Role
As a Data Analyst you will work to create the best practice in delivering insights to support the end-to-end direct
marketing campaign process, critical strategic insights, and This includes discovering insights to support the
marketing team in making strategic campaign decisions, developing customer segments to personalise
communications to customers, measuring the impact of merchant campaigns and uncovering hidden treasures
for our product and strategy decisions. You will work closely with internal business stakeholders such as the
Marketing team, Client Services, Product Marketing and Strategy teams.
Your Focus
Providing data support, quality control and oversight for end-to-end campaign / direct marketing execution
Proactively engage and collaborate with key stakeholders to understand key business problems
Translate business problems into data requirements
Perform complex data and commercial analysis to understand how customer behaviour and product changes affect the business
Deliver actionable insights and recommendation in the form of ad-hoc analysis, reporting or ongoing requests for multiple teams across the business (Product, Finance, Marketing, Operations, Member services, Board, CEO, etc.)
Delivering actionable insight in the form of customer segmentations, propensity models, campaign targeting & evaluations and any other analysis required to improve marketing performance
Leverage analytics techniques to build models and segmentations to support more personalised direct marketing and optimise campaign activity


About You
Autonomous – minimal guidance or supervision and work independently
Conscientious – process orientated and can work with teams to deliver the right outcomes in a timely manner
Agile - ability to handle non-routine problems and situations
Analytical - strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organise, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Commercial – possess a solution mindset, working with internal stakeholders to delivery strong business outcomes navigating any technical issues that may arise
Coach – capable of developing others in your area of expertise
Communication – excellent verbal, written communication, and presentation skills, with the confidence to provide insights and feedback to internal and external stakeholders
Experience in a similar role or delivering data insights and reporting
Highly proficient in SQL and querying relational databases
Preferred experience/exposure to reporting platforms such as Tableau & PowerBI
Knowledge of data analytics tools such as Python, R and Matlab is a nice to have
Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline
Experience in dashboarding key business metrics
Strong understanding of customer databases and/or complex data sets, including segmentation, clustering, and predictive modelling


Come and join our team

We have the opportunity to have a hugely positive impact on Australians. We are well-funded in a high growth category with proven product-market fit. We have a unique, vibrant and diverse culture and we encourage collaboration, pioneering new ideas and pushing the boundaries. We pride ourselves on having fun along the way.



With our centrally located Sydney CBD (next to the QVB) and Chatswood office, we offer flexible working and empowerment (and we really mean it!) as well as other great benefits including: summer hours, double cashback, discounted gym and wellness offering with Class Pass, birthday leave, and 16 weeks parental leave, as well as countless social events. We’re experiencing amazing growth and we’re excited to welcome new members to our passionate, engaged and dedicated team. Join us for an amazing ride!"
40,"Posted: 02/05/2022
Closing Date: 31/05/2022
Job Type: Contract
Location: Melbourne
Job Category: Banking and Financial Services,Call Centre and Customer Service,Insurance & Superannuation
At CSC, we know that it takes all of us working together, united as one, to guide our customers towards their retirement dreams. We’re proud to wear the government crest, and proud to serve those who serve our country.
Every day, CSC makes a real difference by guiding our customers to make the right choices, and to feel confident about their financial wellbeing. Through rich customer insights and world-leading investment strategies, we’re always growing and improving. That means creating an environment where each and every one of us has the opportunity to strive together for excellence.
Job Description
This unique opportunity in the business requires a technical minded and data driven individual to join the team. As the Reporting Analyst, you will have excellent attention to detail, problem solving ability and critical thinking skills to ensure the best outcomes are delivered by the business.
Your new role
Reporting to the Manager of Strategic Planning and Reporting, this role will provide data analysis to support the Strategic Workforce Planning and Reporting Team to deliver strategies to provide improved service and outcomes.
This role will play an important part in monitoring, analysing and interpreting operational trends. It will be pivotal in the development of research and analytics deliverables using appropriate data analysis, visualisation and presentation techniques. This includes development of production business intelligence dashboards and analysis reporting in visualisation tools such as Tableau.
Effective communication will be critical to this role, and the selected candidate will demonstrate experience communicating technical concepts and data analysis findings to both analyst and stakeholders within Customer Operations.
Desired Skills and Experience
What you’ll need to excel
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics, mathematics, engineering, science, information technology or computer science, desired
Ability to investigate and analyse complex data sets to produce insights and reports to assist achieving strategic outcomes and operational improvements
Use of tools such as MS Excel and programming languages Python, Matlab or R.Report
Experience business intelligence reporting/visualisation tools including Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik
Experience in profiling, exploratory analysis and statistical analysis of large, complex datasets with a focus on data quality to identify issues and root causes
Use of Customer Experience and Engagement applications including Genesys Infomart and Salesforce
Excellent relationship management and communication skills with the ability to work with teams across CSC
Have a willingness to learn about CSC schemes and the superannuation industry
High level of customer focus, accountability and professionalism
Proactive, organised and diligent attitude
What you’ll get in return
6 hourly rate contract with possible extension
Work from home/remotely across Australia
An intricate view of data and an understanding of how to reach the best outcomes for the business
What you will need to do now
To apply for the role, please upload your current CV and a cover letter outlining your suitability for the position."
41,"Python, SQL, Tableau
Automated workforce compliance
Strong Engineering and Leadership team



Data Analyst - Python, SQL, Tableau - up to $140k + super

We have a new Data Analyst role with a 4-year-old start-up that has revolutionised workplace compliance. The platform processes clients' data to make sure companies are compliant with regulations and paying their employees fairly.

We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join a team of 5, helping the business automate everything that’s coming up as the company scales. It's a mixture of Python and a bit of SQL. Down the track some tableau and analytics projects. Communication is important because you'll be working with the client success team.

Long story short: we're happy to talk to junior to senior level Data Analysts who have experience across Python and SQL. You'll be building automation pipelines.

What you’ll be doing…


Cleaning, transformation and preparation of client data for ingestion into our calculation systems using Python
Developing and presenting Tableau/PowerBI dashboards to translate results for our clients
Ad-hoc statistical and exception analysis of complex report data

We have around $140k + super negotiable...

You will have the opportunity to grow the responsibilities of this role as the business grows, whilst building your skillset with the guidance of their senior analytics team. There will also be the opportunity to contribute to the development of new tools, products and services.

Please apply and we will be in contact.

Thanks for reading."
42,"Do you enjoy watching how company specific news and current events impact the financial markets? Like solving puzzles and working competitively with a team to win?

SIG is looking for final year students who are interested in why financial markets move the way they do to join our 2023 Buy Side Research Graduate Program.

SIG is one of the world’s largest market makers, with a unique approach to trading, technology, and research. While this background puts us at the top of our game, what really makes us successful is our quantitative approach to decision making and the collaboration between our employees.

SIG Buy Side Research Graduate Program
Our Buy Side Research Analysts work directly with our traders to identify trading opportunities in the equity and options markets. From providing real-time opinions on breaking news to in-depth analysis of future catalyst events, our Buy Side Research Analysts have a constant impact on our trading strategies.

As a Buy Side Research Analyst, you will be responsible for finding opportunities that other market participants may not be capitalizing on, either by discovering new information or considering existing knowledge from a different perspective. You will be embedded in a sector-focused trading desk and work collaboratively with traders who rely heavily on the analysis you provide to make trading decisions. Grads can expect:
Option theory and option modelling lessons in the classroom.
Decision making - using game theory, decision science, poker, and other strategy games. It’s true what you’ve heard!
Real impact - SIG Grads work closely with our experienced traders and researchers on real-world projects that directly impact our trading business.

What we're looking for

Problem Solvers: You enjoy solving puzzles and love it when you discover a solution to a difficult problem, with a demonstrated interest in strategic games and/or competitive activities.
Analytical + Logical: When it comes to decision making, you use clear and sound reasoning. You’re rational and like to use analytical data and financial research skills to come up with sensible solutions.
Communicators: You enjoy building relationships with those you work closely with. You enjoy sharing ideas, expressing your thoughts, and listening to the views of others – excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must for this role!
Curious: You’re excited by a career in the financial markets and the reasons why markets move in the way they do.
Soon-to-be or Recent Graduate: Confirmed plan to graduate by December 2022 with a degree in Finance, Economics or related discipline, distinction average WAM, from an Australian or New Zealand University.
Interview Process

Apply -> Quantitative Assessment -> Recruiter Interview -> Case Study -> Interview -> Job Offer

SIG does not post salary information, so any salary information you find online may not be accurate because it was not provided or verified by SIG.

SIG does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or search firms. Any resume or referral submitted in the absence of a signed agreement will become the property of SIG and no fee will be paid."
43,"About This Role.
Amplifon have a newly created opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Marketing and CRM Function. Reporting to the Head of CRM and Operations, you will play a leadership role for data analytics across the organisation. With exposure to the entire business and customer journey, you will work to optimise marketing campaigns to generate business opportunity and growth.
To be successful you will have a curiosity streak, coupled with an ability to think critically and problem solve means that you always leave things in a much better state than what you found them in.
You will have substantial communication skills with proven experiences that show you are able to use visualisation and other mediums to tell data based stories about the discoveries you’ve made to all levels of an organisation from the C-Suite down
A background in data analytics, that preferably covers digital, customer or retail data with experience in some or all of:
Forecasting (both top down and bottom up),
Sales funnel and conversion rate analysis,
Churn analytics,
Segmentation,
Lifetime value,
Contact centre performance analytics
Key Accountabilities & Responsibilities
Play a key role in the Amplifon data analytics community where you will focus on uplifting how Amplifon's data competencies and acting as a key advocate for data literacy across the company
Use advanced analytics methods to extract insights from business data
Participation in the delivery of a suite strategically-identified customer journeys using data to develop and optimise the ‘right’ customer touchpoints.
Perform analysis and build data-driven models to answer business questions and needs
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships to direct new Sales strategies
Developing visualisations and presentations that you will use to influence key stakeholders to implement key recommendations from data science initiatives
Working with other team members across Marketing/CRM, IT, Reporting & Analytics to develop operational processes, practices and pipelines
Working with our Data Governance function to identify opportunities and uplift data collection and quality practices
Other tasks as deemed appropriate by Manager
About You.
Degree in quantitative fields (finance/accounting, mathematics, science, engineering or similar)
Strong knowledge of statistics – knowing how to design a good A|B test a must.
Excellent knowledge of SQL
Demonstrated practical experience in data visulatisation and interactive report building (PowerBI preferred but demonstrated experience in Tableau/Data Studio etc a positive)
Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to share information.
Knowledge of R or Python (desirable)
Demonstrated success in influencing stakeholders to deliver business results, sales and customer satisfaction improvements
Able to build long-lasting relationships with customers, both internal and external, based on trust, professionalism and rapport.
Open minded to change and always seek to improve your way of working, knowledge and attitude.
A self-starter approach with the confidence to look beyond the “here and now” for the “what could be”.
A positive “can-do” attitude
Organised, with attention to detail
Must be able to set an example of ethics and integrity for others, positively engaging with Company values, focus and programs
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with conflicting time demands
Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to share information.
Ability to manage expectations & deliverables for multiple stakeholders
Who We Are.
Amplifon Group – the global leader in hearing healthcare. We are a team of 16,000 employees located across 29 countries. Our mission is to transform the way hearing healthcare is perceived and experienced worldwide, changing the lives of millions of customers through the passion and superior care of our People. We attract, develop and empower the most talented people, who share our ambition and strive to demonstrate our values every day. With over 300 stores across Australia, we offer exclusive, all around, highly customised hearing care solutions and services, guiding our customers through their journey to rediscover all the emotions of sound.
What We Can Offer You:
Attractive and competitive base salary, tools of the trade
Birthday leave
A structured career path to help achieve your goals including potential opportunity in the future for a global assignment
Amplifon training, career development and lots of e-learning tools
Join our conferences and team functions throughout the year
Hybrid working
If this sounds like You, apply NOW!"
44,"Do you want your work to make a difference for NSW?
Together, we create thriving environments, communities and economies.
Reporting and Governance Analyst
Permanent full-time opportunity, Parramatta or Orange
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $99,431 to $110,064 + super


In this role you will be responsible for creating a reporting framework partnering with the ServiceNow Team. You will be looking at data from the platform and translating this into readable reports and/or dashboards to provide to the team. These reports will be provided to a wide range of stakeholders and will need to be tailored for the targeted audience. Once the reports are generated it will be up to you to look for trends, gaps and ways to make improvements.
About You
You will need to present with strong data analytic skills and have previous experience working with large reports. Strong communication skills will be a requirement as you will be partnering with various stakeholders across the department.
Essential Requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics or a related discipline or equivalent experience.


Desirable Requirements
Experience or knowledge of the ServiceNow tool.


For more information read the full Role Description: Reporting and Governance Analyst
For more information hit Apply to visit the iworkfor.nsw.gov.au website.
About Us
The Department of Planning and Environment’s (DPE) vision is to create thriving environments, communities and economies for the people of New South Wales. We strive to be a high-performing, world-class public service organisation that celebrates and reflects the full diversity of the community we serve and seeks to embed Aboriginal cultural awareness and knowledge throughout the department.


In our inclusive and accessible workplace, differences are embraced, contributions are valued, and everyone has a sense of connection and belonging. DPE supports various employee affinity groups, practice flexible working, offer job share and workplace adjustments. We are committed to the Premier’s Priorities and welcome applications from all.
To Apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume and cover letter expressing your interest and suitability for the role.
It is an essential requirement of the role that successful candidates are fully vaccinated by receiving an acceptable course of COVID-19 vaccination as defined by the Australian Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation (ATAGI) as a condition of employment.
Applications close Tuesday 24 May 2022 at 11:55 pm.
Should you require further information about the role please contact Puneet Behl, Manager, Service Management at puneet.behl@dpie.nsw.gov.au
A recruitment pool may be created for ongoing and temporary opportunities of the same role or role type that may become available over the next 18 months.
Looking for more information or assistance in applying?
Our Diversity team can assist to:
provide alternative formats to apply
make adjustments to the recruitment process
offer information about workplace adjustments and support networks


We encourage people with disability to apply. If you have disability and require more information on adjustments and assistance to apply, contact the Diversity team on Diversity@DPIE.nsw.gov.au (please include reference number).

If you are an Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander check out Our Mob on Country https://www.dpie.nsw.gov.au/premiers-priorities/our-mob-on-country to see the work we do and get assistance in applying.
Find us on Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn."
45,"Do you want your work to make a difference for NSW?
Together, we create thriving environments, communities and economies.
Reporting and Governance Analyst
Permanent full-time opportunity, Parramatta or Orange
Salary relative to experience, and ranges from $99,431 to $110,064 + super


In this role you will be responsible for creating a reporting framework partnering with the ServiceNow Team. You will be looking at data from the platform and translating this into readable reports and/or dashboards to provide to the team. These reports will be provided to a wide range of stakeholders and will need to be tailored for the targeted audience. Once the reports are generated it will be up to you to look for trends, gaps and ways to make improvements.
About You
You will need to present with strong data analytic skills and have previous experience working with large reports. Strong communication skills will be a requirement as you will be partnering with various stakeholders across the department.
Essential Requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, statistics or a related discipline or equivalent experience.


Desirable Requirements
Experience or knowledge of the ServiceNow tool.


For more information read the full Role Description: Reporting and Governance Analyst
For more information hit Apply to visit the iworkfor.nsw.gov.au website.
About Us
The Department of Planning and Environment’s (DPE) vision is to create thriving environments, communities and economies for the people of New South Wales. We strive to be a high-performing, world-class public service organisation that celebrates and reflects the full diversity of the community we serve and seeks to embed Aboriginal cultural awareness and knowledge throughout the department.


In our inclusive and accessible workplace, differences are embraced, contributions are valued, and everyone has a sense of connection and belonging. DPE supports various employee affinity groups, practice flexible working, offer job share and workplace adjustments. We are committed to the Premier’s Priorities and welcome applications from all.
To Apply
If excited by the information above, we look forward to receiving your application, including a copy of your resume and cover letter expressing your interest and suitability for the role.
It is an essential requirement of the role that successful candidates are fully vaccinated by receiving an acceptable course of COVID-19 vaccination as defined by the Australian Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation (ATAGI) as a condition of employment.
Applications close Tuesday 24 May 2022 at 11:55 pm.
Should you require further information about the role please contact Puneet Behl, Manager, Service Management at puneet.behl@dpie.nsw.gov.au
A recruitment pool may be created for ongoing and temporary opportunities of the same role or role type that may become available over the next 18 months.
Looking for more information or assistance in applying?
Our Diversity team can assist to:
provide alternative formats to apply
make adjustments to the recruitment process
offer information about workplace adjustments and support networks


We encourage people with disability to apply. If you have disability and require more information on adjustments and assistance to apply, contact the Diversity team on Diversity@DPIE.nsw.gov.au (please include reference number).

If you are an Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander check out Our Mob on Country https://www.dpie.nsw.gov.au/premiers-priorities/our-mob-on-country to see the work we do and get assistance in applying.
Find us on Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn."
46,"50 million! Is the volume of product provided to patients in Australia and New Zealand in 2021. As a leading generic supplier in this market, Sandoz, a division of Novartis is committed to providing access to affordable medicines.
As a Data Analyst, you will support the new acquisition business, enabling efficient and accurate analysis and data provision to support the management of sustainable growth. You will join a highly collaborative team who work together to do the best possible job for the best collective outcome. This is an 8 month contract.

Your Responsibilities:

Database Validation and Accuracy - Coordinate the review and update of master data tables, understand and facilitate the smooth flow of data through a network of systems and maintain regular reports to highlight outliers and anomalies, following up with key stakeholders to resolve.
Commercial Account Support - Collate and prepare reporting and analysis for customers as required, manage processes and data inquiries.
Maintain customer records in CRM, including wholesale account numbers for pharmacy and hospital records, Communicate updates to wholesalers and complete validations regularly.
Triage and action general inquiries from field force and wholesalers.


Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis is committed to building an outstanding, inclusive work environment and diverse teams representative of the patients and communities we serve.
Minimum requirements
What you’ll bring to the role:

Process improvement and team focused mindset
Supports integrated analytical approach to solving problems.
Provide understandable and actionable business intelligence for key stakeholders.
Provide analytical support by ensuring timely delivery of regular reports and validations
Quickly learns and pilots the use of tools, data sources and analytical techniques needed to answer wide range of critical business questions and to improve status quo.
Advanced Excel knowledge and database maintenance experience.
Qliksense Dashboard experience is highly regarded.

Why Sandoz?
500 million patients were touched by Sandoz generic and biosimilar medicines in 2021 and while we’re proud of this, we know there is more we could do to continue to help pioneer access to medicines for people around the world.
How will we do this? We believe new insights, perspectives and ground-breaking solutions can be found at the intersection of medical science and digital innovation. That a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment inspires new ways of working.
We believe our potential can thrive and grow in an unbossed culture underpinned by integrity, curiosity and flexibility. And we can reinvent what's possible, when we collaborate with courage to aggressively and ambitiously tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. Because the greatest risk in life, is the risk of never trying!
Imagine what you could do here at Sandoz!

Join our Novartis Group Network: If this role is not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Novartis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network
Division
SANDOZ
Business Unit
Commercial OPS SIR SZ
Country
Australia
Work Location
Sydney
Company/Legal Entity
AU Sandoz Pty ltd
Functional Area
Data Science
Job Type
Full Time
Employment Type
Temporary
Shift Work
No
Early Talent
No"
47,"Sydney Based
Entry/Mid Level Data Analyst
12 Month Fixed-Term Contract

The Role:

Our client is an Australian Not-For-Profit organisation on the lookout for a Data Analyst on a 12 Month fixed-term contract basis
The Data Analyst will assist in the interpretation of data and turn it into information which can offer ways to improve the business and report on results achieved
$65k-$75k + Super + Employee Benefits depending on experience
Hybrid work model with two days working from home
Your Responsibilities:

Assist in the collection, collation, analysis and reporting of data
Providing key statistics to the business to assist in the measurement of results, identifying trends and/or patterns in data sets.
Provide support to the business with regard to M&E including: identifying possible key data to be used as performance indicators, measurement options, data available or possible new sources of data
Liaise with the Project/Program Managers to collect data during and after projects
Manage business database system (Domo) including consolidating, analysing and reporting all data
Prepare dashboards with key insights in Domo, based on the data provided, in a timely and accurate manner
About You:

1-2 years graduate/entry level Data Analysis knowledge essential
Some SQL knowledge is desired"
48,"We are currently seeking a Data Analyst who is interested in making a meaningful difference in Australian Healthcare during the COVID-19 crisis and beyond.
About the Role

Our Data Analysts work to understand our users, their pain points, and gaps where we can help them make data-driven decisions and improve their way of working. Your role will involve working with internal and external subject matter experts to understand what information will help them run their business and develop data visualisations to make data accessible to them in a timely and intuitive way.
As a Data Analyst at Cubiko your day-to-day will include:
Work closely with engineering, customer success, product and sales to build a product we're all proud of.
Data modelling and ETL.
Integrating data from many sources into our data platform.
Building data visualisations that make our users’ experience informative, valuable and meaningful.
Working closely with healthcare practices to support the development and their use of Cubiko’s products.
Managing and resolving product bugs and fixes.
The role will expand as our team continues to grow and we're active in providing plenty of opportunities for professional development and learning new technologies.
About you
You are smart, innovative and eager to apply your solutions to real-life problems. People seek you out for your technical excellence. You love building things and are involved in a bunch of cool projects that you’re excited to talk about and show. You’re approachable, dependable and genuine. You care about getting to know people and love working as part of a team to deliver more than the sum of its parts.
At Cubiko we value diversity in our people and the ideas they bring. We look after our team and pride ourselves on our supportive and friendly culture. We’re looking for people who identify with our values whilst also bringing their own individual perspectives to their work.
As a minimum, you will have:
A relevant degree in a numerical discipline.
You're smart, innovative and always learning new things.
You’re naturally curious and this drives you to research, experiment and deduce your way to knowledge.
You critically reflect on your own processes and challenge assumptions about how things should be done, exploring solutions that others might not consider.
You like the start-up vibe of a workplace and are excited by the prospect of working in an energetic and growing team.
Familiarity with SaaS apps a plus, but not required.
All Cubiko staff are required to undergo a National Police Clearance check.

What we do
Cubiko is a first-of-its-kind solution that displays data in easy-to-understand dashboards, providing medical practices with a visual representation of their practice data alongside selected metrics and key performance indicators. Combined sets of data, reported over time, and displayed in easy to understand visualisations help our users to understand whether the key parts of their business are performing as they need to be and where they can make changes to improve their business and their patient healthcare outcomes. To learn more, check out www.cubiko.com.au
What we value
We live these values every day.
Innovative: Innovation is in our blood! We’re curious and look for opportunities to do things smarter, faster, and better. We encourage change and growth, and we’re not afraid to stray away from the norm or doing things the way they’ve always been done in the past.
One Team: All for one, and one for all! We are a team that cares for and respects one another. We work in unison to deliver outstanding products, and we have fun doing it. We produce more than the sum of our parts.
Trust through Transparency: Building trust through transparency! We do this by being open, communicating regularly and having honest conversations – we tell it how it is. We operate fluidly, and as one team.
Customer-centric: Our customers and community are at the core of what we do! We’re committed to helping medical practices deliver outstanding patient care and improving patient outcomes for individuals within their communities. We achieve this through constant customer communication and feedback allowing us to develop products our customers love.

What we offer
Flexible working arrangements
Competitive Salary
Free snacks, beer, wine & coffee – we like to enjoy each other's company!
Personal learning & development
Standing desks and WFH equipment
Monthly social events and annual retreats
End of trip facilities in Fortitude Valley office (showers, racks, etc.)
A day off on your birthday
If this sounds like you and you'd like to join the Cubiko team. Great! Please apply via the ""Apply For This Job"" form, and we'll be in touch.
Don't hesitate to contact Robert Dickson, Cubiko, on 1300 CUBIKO (1300 282 456) for any questions or further details about the role.

* Direct applicants only, please. We are not currently accepting candidates from recruitment agencies*"
49,"Right now, EPiC Agile is looking for a talented ICT Business Analyst with proven experience working in Agile environments to partner with our awesome clients, whilst still being made to feel very much like EPiC Agile is home! This is a Full-time position located in Sydney CBD.
We are a Practitioner led Business Agility and Lean-Agile Transformation Consultancy. We coach at all levels of a business to inject lean start-up culture into the enterprise, creating work environments that people love! Our customer portfolio includes large-scale household names and smaller/leaner organizations throughout Australia, Singapore, and New Zealand.
Your main responsibilities will be:
Develop and implement functional solutions, systems and ways of working patterns such as Jira or similar software products, as well as establishing ways of working patterns (such as standups, sprint cycles, planning sessions & retrospectives) and ensuring quality and integrity of newly implemented data solutions.
Analyzing as-is business processes to identify inefficiencies may occur and help report these back to the business.
Investigate, identify and report areas where new business procedures can be implemented to improve systems/software and implement best practices wherever possible
Partnering with our clients to help formulate and document current and future business system and IT platform agility requirements.
Manage all related assignments using agile project management frameworks, principles and techniques (such as Scrum & Kanban) including technical plans, timeframes, resources and costs.
Track the progress of and help guide the development of your clients to higher agile maturity, acting as a reference point for all information regarding your team’s progress for all stakeholders
Conducting formal agile training, including coaching teams to follow the agreed agile delivery framework, and creating end user training documentation to ensure effective change management
Coordinate day to day operations and facilitate agile ceremonies to ensure the project teams are delivering value according to the project plan and priorities
Assist program managers to create overall project plans adhering to the agile delivery frameworks
Using various data modeling techniques (such as burndown charts), to help understand the needs of your teams and alter their agile ways of working practices.
Maintain accurate records of relevant technical and business information
To be considered, you will need to exhibit the following traits…
You will have a relevant Bachelor's Degree or higher.
You will have at least 3 years experience as a ICT Business Analyst including IT platform, system and software review and analysis.
You will need to have proven experience working in an Agile environment.
You are a certified Agile practitioner with certifications in one or more of the following; Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Lean Six Sigma, Kanban.
Proven experience in requirements gathering.
Proven experience in leading agile ceremonies.
Proven experience in running training sessions with clients, and are comfortable to run agile training sessions when required.
Excellent documentation and writing skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to analyze an environment, identify shortcomings and recommend improvements at a team level.
Ability to support the clients during and after an agile transformation, to help alleviate tension points where necessary.
Ability to lead, teach, show, mentor, advise and support people through their own agile journey.
You understand the change journey for people and have experience/understanding of change management to support large-scale organisation changes.
At EPiC Agile, we are committed to creating an awesome, inclusive culture, where you will be able to thrive. Coming to work each day should be filled with excitement as no two days will be the same. Too often people are not inspired to come to work, our mission is to change that!
If you’re an awesome human and want to be part of our amazing tribe, we’d love to hear from you so please apply now!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Employee mentoring program
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Work from home
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
