,0
0,"SENIOR DATA SERVICE ANALYST (JOB NUMBER: C D000402)


Overall Job Purpose
The Data Service Analyst role sits within the Data as a Service Client Delivery team, and is responsible for support and delivery of Data as a Service.
The role performs day to day oversight of Data As a Service related reporting services that are produced by the offshore hub location in Chennai.
The Senior Data Service Analyst will interact directly with Australian based clients to ensure a high quality service delivery experience, by responding to client queries and resolving issues.
The Senior Data Service Analyst will work on service optimization and change management tasks for designated clients, and prepare and participate in service review meetings, workshops and system demonstrations.
The main objectives of the Data Service Client Delivery team are to:
Receive daily investment data (Holdings, transactions, security attributes etc) from multiple external custodians, internal sources, and private equity data administrators via multiple feeds through the day.
Management of cross domain data sets and services, including benchmark and security referential data from vendors
Normalise, aggregate and validate this data, applying specific business rules to enhance the output.
Feed the results via a series of daily data files to the client including their 3rd Party software solutions
Support maintenance of client facing user interfaces allowing updating of account hierarchies, look through mapping, specific position updates and security referential overrides.


This role is in a recently created team to support the roll out of a new product for BNP Paribas, and thus there will be significant implementation and set up involved, including UAT testing, explaining and validating results with clients, and development of new processes and procedures.


Areas of responsibilities
Service Delivery
Support the delivery of all data as a service products to BNP Paribas Australian clients. Develop and maintain relationships with clients to ensure provision of high level of service
Oversight responsibilities for Data Service activity based in our global operations hub in Chennai, and/or in AU
Technical contact point for clarification and resolution of reporting queries received from the hub location or the client, and main point of contract for resolution of issues with IT support teams.
Ensure ongoing high level of client service
Meet or liaise regularly with clients to ensure the service delivery is of a high standard, maintaining a strong focus on timeliness and accuracy as measured by service KPIs and KQIs, including production of monthly KPI packs.
Interact regularly with key local (RM’s, CSM’s, as well as third party custodians and fund administrators) and international stake holders to ensure preferred outcomes
Deliver demonstrations and presentations to clients (or prospective clients) as they relate to Data as a Service
Projects & Change
Support client change control aimed at developing, extending, or improving the existing service received by the client
Support new activity set up and onboarding activities
Help define business specification documents, create test & implementation plans, support and maintain project governance documents
Seek to optimise end to end production under oversight, working transversally across the business as required


Contributive responsibilities (how the role contributes to the success of business line / function)
Deliver service to our clients accurately and on time, thus reinforcing and building client relationship, leading to new business opportunities
Ensure operational risk is captured and addressed, securing our functional capabilities
Ensure appropriate procedures and risk and control guidelines are adhered to within the team through processes and checking. Monitor adherence to the Risk and Control Matrix through undertaking Controlled Self-Assessment
Support the growth of our commercial relationships with our clients


Technical skills and experience
Required: -
Understanding of data system architecture and systems such as MapR, Hadoop and AB initio
Strong practical understanding of Data Certification and the controls required to ensure accurate and complete data delivery
Experience working within middle office, investment and performance analysis or fund accounting environment
Strong practical understanding of ABOR and IBOR with multiple instrument types, including derivatives and how they should be treated within investment accounting and performance measurement
Strong practical understanding of market data indices (S&P/ASX, MSCI, etc), characteristics (duration, Greeks etc), and classification schemes (GICS, BICS, etc.)
Knowledge of private investments and their specifics around account and valuations
Knowledge of performance, attribution, risk and other advanced investment reporting, and an understanding of the data required to support these calculations
Proven client service skills
Practical experience liaising with and explaining results to clients and internal stake holders
Strong Microsoft excel skills, Excel VBA skills, Access database experience, SQL knowledge


Qualifications
Tertiary qualification
Industry specific qualifications such as CIPM, CFA, etc desirable.


Competencies
Accountability – takes personal responsibility, delivers against personal and team goals
Flexibility – positive and flexible approach to identify preferred solutions to issues and problems
Results focused – understand the strategic objectives of the business as well as the team; work to ensure their achievement with a quality focus.
Client focus – delivers consistently a high standard of client service , aiming to achieve all client deliverables within KPI, and operating in line with the departmental code of conduct
Teamwork – work cohesively with a team of senior professionals to define and deliver against strategy, demonstrates sound intuition and political awareness
Innovation – maintain a constant focus on process efficiency with the aim of increasing scalability and client experience
Communication – effective verbal and written communication & effective interpersonal ability
Maturity & Judgment - Demonstrates the ability to deal effectively with complex issues, learns from experience, assesses issues using relevant information and applying intuition.
Time Management – Prioritise and manage client requests and the teams execution of key tasks
Primary Location
: AU-NSW-Sydney
Job Type
: Standard / Permanent
Job
: DATA
Education Level : Bachelor Degree or equivalent (>= 3 years)
Experience Level : Not Indicated"
1,"Location:
North Sydney, New South Wales


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Telecommunications


Salary:
Negotiable


Reference:
CR/011130_1651040000


Our client, a large North Sydney based telco organisation, is looking for a Business Analyst.
About the role
Work on a Proactive Assurance project
Gather and document business requirements
Analyse and model internal processes
Analyse commercial data
Skills and experience
4+ years' experience as a Business Analyst
Extensive requirement and process analysis experience
Telco background preferred
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
What's on offer
6+ months' engagement
Hybrid work, with 1-2 days/week in the office
Up to $800 inc super per day or fix-term salary
What's next
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Who we are
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries. These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights."
2,"Are you dedicated to data mining, interpreting, and visually presenting timely and insightful reports and findings on all Ministry marketing and operational activities?
Vision Christian Media is looking for a skilled and experienced Data Research and Analytics Coordinator to join our ministry team.
Full-time position.
Brisbane location (Springwood).
Immediate start.
Applications close at midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022.
The Opportunity
This is a team member role accountable to the Digital Media department manager, and working within the Media, Marketing and Communications division.
Vision began in community radio and printed publications. However, with the growth of multi-media digital platforms, social media and online activity, this strategically important role has been created to enable Vison too effectively, understand and respond to market forces and trends. As well as the needs of our internal stakeholders and external financial supporters and media followers, so we may always improve our management decision-making, products and services. As well as, being productive, wise and accountable for our actions in fulfilling our mission.
The successful applicant will be responsible to assist in the planning, researching, interpretation and visual presentation of data on all operational, audience, customer and supporter touchpoints for management reporting.
This is more than just a job; it is also a ministry opportunity and part of a personal gifting and calling to serve.
About Vision Christian Media
Vision Christian Media is a non-profit ministry organization, dedicated to bringing the Good News of the Gospel throughout Australia since 1986.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the country turn to us daily for encouragement, uplifting music and compelling messages through broadcast radio, printed and digital publications, podcasts, apps, and websites. We also operate a telephone prayer service and online store – all to help people look to God daily.
The Role
The Data Research and Analytics Coordinator role requires someone with deep analytical skills. Experience and competence using available analytics dashboards and services (like Google analytics). Design, build and maintain a database of regular reports and analysis as required for all digital, marketing and communications activity.
Core to your role is to gather market intelligence and deep dive into company performance data to analyse, see patterns and report in words and charts our market and operational performance. As well as, advise and recommend Vision’s online community strategy, increase awareness and trust in Vision’s brand through better data driven strategic planning, customer engagement, marketing content and coordinated digital campaigns.
Requirements for the role
The ideal applicant will have:
Appropriate sector qualification(s) and experience.
Up to date knowledge and skillsets for this type of role.
Experience with Google Analytics, Firebase, Meta Suite Analytics.
Knowledge of standard query language.
Proven ability to discern, select, develop, and present insightful reports.
Willingness to step up, investigate and recommend ideas where appropriate.
Great cross-organisational communication skills.
Proven ability to multitask in a busy environment.
Good time management skills.
Strong awareness and motivation in the pursuit of excellence.
Mature, balanced and wise judgment.
Willingness to align with our organisation’s mission, values and core beliefs
How to apply
This full-time position is based at our offices in Springwood, Queensland.
If this role sounds like you and would like to join our dynamic team, please email your resume and cover letter by midnight Sunday, 29th of May 2022 to people@vision.org.au.
Your cover letter should be no more than two pages:
Tell us why you are interested in this position.
Demonstrate you have the skills, experience and heart to be successful in the role.
Only applicants with rights to work in Australia are eligible to apply.
The position will be filled when the right candidate is identified; early applications are encouraged."
3,"An opportunity currently exists for an experienced corporate lending business analyst and functional SME to join the Specialised and Asset Finance division.
In this position, you will work closely with business stakeholders to understand their business and transaction needs then partner with our aligned technology team to deliver fit for purpose solutions within the Finastra Loan IQ product.
You will have previous experience with configuration of LoanIQ as well as sound understanding of accounting for corporate lending activity. You will also have been involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle from testing of vendor upgrades and patches, managing defects and providing business users with training in new functionality.
Working across all of Macquarie’s operating groups you will provide functional support to operational teams in their day to day use of the system as well as liaising with finance and data teams to ensure that downstream records are accurate.
To be successful in this role, you will have:
Minimum of 2 years experience using and configuring Finastra Loan IQ or other corporate lending platform
The ability to communicate with a broad range of stakeholders with strong influencing and relationship management capabilities
Strong attention to detail with a proven ability to meet deadlines and prioritize
Excellent problem solving skills and an ability to work under pressure
About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-960722
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Business Development & Sales, Commodities, Data & Analytics, Technology, Risk Management, Trading
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Recruiter: Annali O'Neill
Opening Date: 08/5/2022"
4,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there’s flexibility for balance and the support you need. We know that flexible work comes in different forms, that’s why we’re embracing hybrid teams - enabling employees to maintain a balance of working both in the office and remote, supporting the needs of both the business and individual. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let’s care for everyone’s tomorrow so we can create a better future together.


Senior Reporting Analyst – Technical | NSW – Sydney


Support the Allianz business with your data management & visualisation skills
You will engage with product managers & stakeholders to understand their needs
Blend your MicroStrategy knowledge with your Financial Services experience


Want to know how it feels to be genuinely supported to grow and develop your career?


This role sits within our Technical Division which is responsible for pricing, portfolio management, reinsurance and underwriting services. We drive the development and embedding of the product and pricing frameworks for Allianz’s General Insurance portfolios.


As Senior Reporting Analyst, you will be asked to develop, implement and maintain the management information and reporting framework for Policy Operations.


You'll be responsible for:
Develop and implement the framework creating and centralising the reporting framework, utilising analytical insight to drive business process improvement opportunities.
Provide comprehensive divisional reporting that will help in delivering performance improvement in accordance with business unit requirements, assisting the management team in defining, monitoring, forecasting and analysing business unit issues to optimise performance.
Enable management and staff to have appropriate access to information and tools to facilitate efficient management processes and business decision making through development and consultation with business leads.
Develop, plan, and execute Operational Initiatives which drive process automation.
Develop technical business requirements for all project reporting initiatives, analysing effort, performance and automation capabilities, utilising analytical insight to drive business process improvement opportunities.
Leverage Management Operating System (MOS) to drive Operational Excellence.


Important to your success:
Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline.
Experience of working in a data analytics and reporting service role for a complex, matrixed general insurance organisation.
Experience in Operational Improvement systems and methodologies combined with knowledge of, and experience in resource planning software such as Enlighten and Verint.
Able to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively, organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Demonstrated evidence of technical proficiency with systems, software, databases, reporting and communication tools.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.


About us
At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there’s flexibility for balance and the support you need. We know that flexible work comes in different forms, that’s why we’re embracing hybrid teams - enabling employees to maintain a balance of working both in the office and remote, supporting the needs of both the business and individual.


Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us. We do this through delivering a great customer experience that is the result of appreciating each other every single day, showing heart by really listening and seeing things from the perspective of others by always asking, ""how can I help?"". Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.


As a requirement of your role, it may be necessary from time to time for you to attend the workplace. In accordance with our COVID-19 Vaccination Policy, all entrants to Allianz operated workplaces in Australia (includes attending a customer or vendor site to conduct work on behalf of Allianz), must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (includes booster shot, where mandated by local health authority), unless the employee can present a valid medical exemption certificate.


Let’s care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers


#LI-ALLIANZAU #LI-Hybrid"
5,"Organisation/Entity: Sydney Trains
Job Category: Projects
Job Location: Alexandria, NSW, AU, 2015
Job Ref No: 63245
Employment Type: Fixed Term Full-Time
Salary Range: $140053.0-$154443.0
About us


At Sydney Trains, our rail services keep Sydney moving by putting our customers at the centre of everything we do. We work with our local communities to deliver safe, timely and efficient rail services 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Our trains and network are evolving to meet the needs of our customers now and well into the future. We’re continuing to integrate technological innovations that help us deliver a smarter and more sustainable network.


About the team


As part of the Strategy, Portfolio and Investment branch of Sydney Trains, the Reporting, Analytics and Insights (RAI) team is passionate about turning data into information and insights to help the business make better decisions and drive action.


With a strong focus on making the right choices and value delivery, we partner with the business to support decision making by providing easy access to efficient, trusted and governed reporting, analytics and insights and ensuring data is used to provide transparency, visibility and accountability.


The opportunity


Right now, we have a temporary full-time opportunity (to March 2023) for an innovative and energetic Business Systems and Data Analyst to join our advanced Reporting, Analytics & Insights team.


You will have the unique opportunity to partner with our Sydney Trains Planning division to develop and maintain technical reporting and data warehousing solutions critical for supporting our timetable production and distribution / publication processes, and to advise on all Service Planning technical solutions for timetabling software from a design perspective.


This role will input into master data management and data governance strategies to ensure data design and maintenance is managed correctly across all systems and tools. It also provides support to the timetable planners using the various software packages to triage system issues and troubleshoot.


You will enjoy doing truly meaningful work that has a real impact on the people and economy of NSW.


What you will be involved in:


Designing and managing master and meta data management strategies
Developing and documenting the data governance processes for service planning
Providing Operational reporting design and development services for service planning timetable staff
Translating business requirements and business problems for third party software vendors and for Sydney Trains IT staff
Supporting third party software vendors and Sydney Trains IT staff with data mapping and integration design for a number of business critical projects
Supporting business users with troubleshooting and triaging issues with software packages utilised on a day-to-day basis


Please click here to view the role description.


About you


You will be tertiary qualified in Computer Science or IT with demonstrated experience in the development, management and support of enterprise applications over the software development lifecycle.


With your strong deep-dive analysis skills and systems management background, you are comfortable advising and influencing other teams other stakeholders on best system and data management strategies.


Demonstrated technical knowledge of IT systems related to passenger and freight timetabling and possession management will be highly regarded.


Our ideal candidate will also be highly versed in data analysis and reporting using Oracle, SQL Server and Tableau.


Salary and benefits


The salary for this position is RC7A ($143,555) – RC7E ($157,945) per annum plus superannuation and leave loading.


For more information on the benefits of working with Sydney Trains, read our Employee benefits guide.


How to apply


To apply for this position, please submit a resume and answer all questions within the online application process.


Applications close: 11:59pm, Sunday 5th June 2022.


We are the community we serve

We are committed to being an inclusive, diverse and flexible workplace where differences are valued. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experience and abilities.

We enable our people to work in ways that work for them and their teams. Working virtually and from different locations including regional locations, staggering work hours and job sharing are just some of the ways our people can work flexibly.

Please contact the Talent Specialist below if you require any adjustments to be made to how you interact with us throughout the recruitment process or would like to discuss flexible work options.

For any enquiries, please email Jade Abalos at JADE.ABALOS@TRANSPORT.NSW.GOV.AU.


We’re certified as a Family Inclusive Workplace

Our flexible work practices and policies for parental leave, employee and family wellbeing and family care enable us to provide genuine support for our people to thrive at work and at home.


Apply today to register your interest!

Take a look at our application tips video series for plenty of great information on navigating and acing the application and recruitment process with Sydney Trains.

Find out more about Sydney Trains at https://www.transport.nsw.gov.au/sydneytrains/about-sydney-trains.

Our COVIDSafe Measures Policy

All Transport for NSW workers are required to have:


appropriate evidence of being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine; or
an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or apply for a medical exemption prior to securing this role.



Job Segment: Database, Systems Analyst, Temporary, Oracle, ERP, Technology, Contract"
6,"The role:
Type : Permanent
Location: Brisbane or East Brisbane
WFH : 2 days a week
About:
You will be working side by side with the Pricing Manager to develop and execute various decisions and strategies across the organization to ensure profitability, growth and sustainability.
In this role you will have the opportunity to work with various stakeholders (Internal and External)
Some key Responsibilities:
– You will be responsible for gathering, structuring and analysing data.
– You will play a key role in helping to improve the quality and effectiveness of the pricing process through (new data, new modelling techniques)
– You will be responsible for developing and understanding different statistical models (cost, competitor price etc)
– You will help ensure portfolio growth and profitability.
Key Requirements:
– Previous experience with R /SAS / SQL / Python – Previous experience applying advanced pricing techniques where applicable using GLMs/ GBMs.
– Stakeholder engagement experience.
– Previous Insurance experience (Desired)
– Post Graduate Degree (Mathematics, Accounting, Data Science etc)"
7,"Work Type : Full Time
Location : QLD
Join a high performing team with great development opportunities
Innovative, dynamic and fast paced environment
Based in Auto & General’s Head Office – Brisbane, Australia
The Role:

The newly created Travel Underwriting Analyst role will be supporting the Travel Underwriting Manager with product development, risk selection and day-to-day management of the Travel Insurance portfolio. The successful candidate will leverage their data analytics and market research skills and abilities to identify, assess, develop and implement product and policy wording changes and recommend rate changes aimed at profitably growing A&G’s Travel Insurance portfolio. The Travel Underwriting Analyst will support new product development while continuing to develop their technical product and underwriting expertise.



Accountabilities:

Reporting to the Travel Underwriting Manager, the successful candidate will be responsible for:
Maintaining and updating a centralised register of all A&G’s Travel Insurance product benefits, paid options, sub-limits and rate tables.
Supporting the documentation, maintenance and update of A&G’s Travel Product Disclosure Statements, Underwriting Guidelines and Underwriting and Product Design Policies.
Conducting periodic and ad-hoc market scan to research, identify and propose improvements to existing product coverage and development of new products, cover types, benefits and/or options.
Collaborating with the Claims and Internal Disputes Resolution functions to keep track of all Travel-related complaints and systematically review emerging issues, recommending and pursuing improvements to policy wording, product coverage and/or underwriting process.
Ensuring the products meet customer expectations and comply with applicable and upcoming regulatory requirements.
Reviewing and providing input on projects and initiatives from a product and underwriting perspective, including assisting with implementation, testing and post-implementation reviews.
Monitoring, interpreting and analysing trends in Travel insurance portfolio, policy and claims data.



Knowledge and Experience:
ESSENTIAL
2+ year experience within retail/ mass-market insurance lines, preferably in Underwriting, Product Development, and/or Portfolio Management; prior experience in direct distribution Travel Insurance (Leisure) will be highly regarded.
Previous experience in managing multiple competing tasks through to execution, including management of cross-functional projects and initiatives.
Knowledge of relevant regulatory framework, compliance and insurance legislation.
Excellent numerical and analytical skills to monitor and interpret insurance portfolio, policy and claims data.
Ability to communicate clearly and logically both in writing and verbally, across all levels of the organisation.
Ability to respond rapidly and positively to change and to work under pressure to deliver outcomes with competing priorities, both autonomously and in a collaborative team environment.
Experience managing and completing User Acceptance Testing.



DESIRABLE
Previous experience in updating insurance Product Disclosure Statements wordings.
Tertiary qualification in a relevant discipline, e.g. business administration, economics, commerce, law, finance.



Who are Auto & General:
Auto & General is the Australian arm of a private global group with 8,000 employees across 31 offices and over 8.9 million customers worldwide.

In Australia, Auto & General launched in 2000 and has grown to provide industry-leading motor, home and travel insurance products both directly through Budget Direct and via industry leading partnerships. With an Australian team of 1400+ we are now looking for talented individuals who can help drive our ambitious growth plans.

Our Benefits:
Toowong - City fringe location;
Join our vibrant social and community activities including annual celebration, family fun days and regular events across each of our sites;
Enjoy additional leave days - ���ME’ leave and ‘Volunteer Day’ leave;
Study support (up to 50% of tuition fees for relevant courses) and professional membership reimbursement;
Employee discounts on Car, Home, Travel insurance, Roadside Assistance;
Income protection insurance provided to support you in the event of non-work related illness or injury;
Discounts with a broad range of providers, including gym memberships, accommodation, dental care and more.



Auto & General welcome and value diversity in the workplace

*A note from Auto & General to recruitment agencies: We politely ask that you avoid making any approaches or sending any unsolicited resumes to our Recruitment Team or Hiring Leaders across our business. #LI-155866361_SR1"
8,"Australian Business Registry Services, Modernising Business Registry Program
Various locations in ACT, NSW, QLD, SA & VIC
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $86,247 - $99,027 + 15.4% super
We are seeking motivated Specialist Business Analysts to join our Modernising Business Registry Program team.

As a Specialist Business Analyst, in our Australian Business Registry Services (ABRS) business area, you’ll apply technical skills and domain knowledge when working with stakeholders to identify, define and prioritise business needs and extract requirements.

You will document and present required conditions and capabilities in a clear and consistent manner that will design and deliver tailored business solutions for the Modernising Business Registers Program.

You will provide specialist technical advice to synthesise complex insights and analysis into easy to understand and actionable options. You’ll also ensure artefacts such as requirements, data models and process maps are developed to support business readiness and delivery.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Adelaide, Brisbane CBD, Canberra, Melbourne CBD, Traralgon or Wollongong."
9,"Overview
To provide exceptional customer service to internal and external stakeholders by providing support for Member, Employer and trustee facing online solutions.



Key Accountabilities and main responsibilities
Strategic Focus
Investigate and resolve all production support issues for supported products
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to resolve production issues
Monitor all online products to achieve 24 / 7 up time
Conduct verification testing following the deployment of changes to supported products.
Escalate all client issues and ensure their resolution in a timely manner
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Provide SME and product owner support to BAU and Project teams for the maintenance and development of supported products.
Reconcile SuperStream, SBR and MIC messaging functions
Deliver a level of service that meets or exceeds customer expectations by:
Meeting all agreed service standards including internal deliverables effectively with other teams within Link, to ensure quality client servicing
Managing interactions with Trustees, Fund employees & business representatives in a professional manner
People Leadership
Participate as a positive member of the team by co-operating with others to achieve the team’s goals
Governance & Risk
Work closely with the wider business to conduct business impact assessments following the deployment of changes to supported products
Ensure compliance with all legislative, policy, and procedural requirements.
Experience & Personal Attributes
Excellent communication skills – written and verbal correspondence
Demonstrated skills in customer service
Good problem solving abilities and technical expertise
Strong attention to detail
Excellent relationship building skills to address and respond to member and client requests
Able to generate creative solutions to address problems and commit to follow through
Focused on continuous improvement
Coaching and mentoring other staff to assist in learning and development
Be an effective team player
Strong Microsoft Office suite skills
Understanding of relevant Superannuation legislation and industry knowledge
Understanding of the Link member and employer facing applications
Understanding of the SDLC


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


Our Retirement & Superannuation Solutions division combines its proprietary technology, process and people to deliver a comprehensive financial data solution to its superannuation clients. We support clients across all superannuation fund sectors including government, industry, retail and corporate.
By accompanying our core member and employer administration with a full range of value-added services, we offer the most comprehensive superannuation administration solution on the market. The scale, adaptability and ease of use of our proprietary systems, in conjunction with our integrated analytics offering, allow us to innovate and grow with the needs of our clients.
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
10,"Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team
NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
In accordance with Nike’s Covid Safety Policy you must be fully vaccinated against Covid-19 with an approved Covid-19 vaccine, or hold a valid medical exemption in order to be eligible for this role. Nike will not be collecting any personal information with regards to your vaccination status in this application, however you will be required to satisfy Nike that you have met the mandatory vaccination requirements (such as by submitting evidence of your vaccination status to Nike) if you are successful. Please do not proceed with this application if you will not be able to fulfil these requirements. Any offers of employment will be conditional on candidates providing Nike with their vaccination information.

As an Operation Analyst, you will be responsible for analysing and identifying improvement opportunities for current state processes and working cross-functionally to compile and convey data driving business improvement. Reporting into and working closely with the Account Operations Manager, you will engage stakeholders through reporting and insight, identifying initiatives spanning multiple internal and external stakeholders that will improve business performance. You will communicate with clarity, establish strong relationships through report interpretation, data analysis & visualization using a variety of tools and mediums.

WHAT WILL YOU WORK ON?


Access, execute, and leverage standard and ad hoc reports to support the direct ship program in Australia and New Zealand
Drive operational efficiency across the marketplace
Create compelling data analysis & visualisation
Engage and implement GEO led initiatives in the Pacific marketplace
Provide solutions to moderately complex or infrequently occurring problems by using existing guidelines or procedures
Suggest improvements to existing processes and solutions.

WHO WILL YOU WORK WITH?


Communicate & Influence key stakeholders on existing processes/capabilities
Cross-functional engagement across Operations, Finance, Merch, Planning, Tech & Marketing
Relationship management with external Account Team
Manage operational escalations with Logistics Team
Provide peer mentorship and training.
WHAT YOU BRING TO NIKE?


Experience with data and analytics
Ability to build strong relationships with key stakeholders
Ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment
Strong time management skills and critical thinking
Strong presentation skills
High school diploma or equivalent and a minimum of 4 years relevant work experience
Ability to work independently
Retail knowledge highly regarded
Strong written and verbal communication
Experience with MS Office & SAP a plus.

APPLICATION DEADLINE IS FRIDAY 4th OF MARCH.
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability."
11,"Date: 05-May-2022

Location:
Canberra, ACT, AU

Department: Audit and Assurance

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27662

Join a team of diverse professionals and be a part of meaningful and exciting projects
Unlimited career progression opportunities, professional development, and mentorship
Choose from a variety of flex options through Deloitte Experience

In the past year our Canberra team has grown immensely, and we are not planning to slow down. We have multiple opportunities available for experienced Accountants with a drive to grow and succeed.

About the team

In Accounting Reporting Assurance, we are specialists in finance function transformation, accounting change, financial management, complex transactions accounting advice, specialised finance outsourcing, costing and Federal Government budget management matters.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

As a Senior Analyst, you will be working within a team to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of clients’ finance functions, make better decisions and navigate the complexities of financial management and accounting issues. You could be working on a variety of projects including financial and management reporting, finance transformation, regulatory compliance, and accounting advice. Tasks that you may come across on a day-to-day basis within the Government advisory team in Canberra are as follows:

Assist in the development of Internal and External Budgets and improving the reporting framework
Manage the relationship with the Australian National Audit Office with accounting technical matters
Responding to enquiries from Senate Committees, the Prime Minister, Cabinet, Department of Finance and individual senators on key components of large Federal Department spend on national and regional levels
Financial analysis to aid Federal Department stakeholders work out how they can help in super-charging the Australian economy in response to COVID
Financial analysis of Federal Departments in response to national events like the Bushfire and COVID

What are we looking for:
We’re looking for candidates with a combination of the following:

Bachelor or equivalent degree in accounting, finance or a related area
Holds or studying toward a CA/CPA qualification (or equivalent)
Between 3 – 5 years of experience in finance, accounting, external audit or a related field
Skills in technical and/or management accounting and budgeting
Well-developed relationship management skills
Excellent collaborative skills, precision thinking and a dedicated work ethic
An existing security clearance would be advantageous

Due to the client requirements, all candidates must undergo a security clearance and as such, only Australian citizens will be considered for this role.

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space.

#A&A"
12,"Here at Lactalis, we are true to our purpose: we are a family business offering healthy and delicious dairy products that bring people together. And, we just happen to be the worldwide leader in what we do.


At the heart of our Australian business we have over 2,200 passionate employees, working closely with our farmers, customers and consumers to produce the finest dairy products in the country. Pillar brands such as Paul’s, OAK, Ice Break, Tamar Valley Dairy, Vaalia, President and Galbani provide Lactalis Australia with a deep national footprint for growth and prosperity.


About this Opportunity
Based at our South Brisbane head office, this exciting opportunity is for a permanent SAP BI Analyst to join our team. You will report through to the BI Team Lead and will be an integral part of our IT Applications team!
Relevant skills and experience include:
Must:
Minimum of 5 years of experience in SAP BI
Expertise with SAP BO Analysis for Office (AFO),Webi and Lumira
Good communication skills (Verbal and written)
Must have worked on at least one end-to-end implementation of BW on HANA
Experience in installing and testing end-to-end standard content
Should have client facing skills for requirement gathering and change requests.
Must have experience in coordinating with different functional teams and client for requirements and creating functional specs.
Should be able to work as a part of team or independently.
Extensive experience in handling BODS (Data services) as an ETL tool.
Should have experience in handling SQL part of BODS.
Basic understanding in BI Platform administration.
Hands on experience in BW on HANA and BO support, which includes monitoring BO landscape 7 jobs, enhancements, performance optimizations, BW process chain monitoring etc.,
Good to Have
Knowledge in Native HANA (writing procedure, functions, routines etc.,)
Handling Native HANA objects and real time data replication and hybrid scenario using BW and HANA.
Having functional knowledge w.r.t to all the modules in S/4 HANA or ECC is an added advantage
Architectural experience, especially in LSA ++
Experience in extracting data from S/4 HANA, ECC and third party datasources
Experience in handling BW ABAP both in BW and SAP Sources.


Your ability to build relationships and achieve results will only add to your success. If you are a dedicated individual, possess an engaging approach and pride yourself on your attention to detail, have the ambition, drive and competency to succeed in this role, please apply now!



Job Segment: Business Intelligence, SAP, ERP, SQL, Database, Technology"
13,"Job Description:
About Bank of America
Our purpose as a firm is to make financial lives better, through the power of every connection. Across the world, we partner with leading corporate and institutional investors through our offices in more than 35 countries. In the U.S. alone, we serve almost all of the Fortune 500 companies and approximately 67 million consumer and small-business clients. We provide a full suite of financial products and services, from banking and investments to asset and risk management. We cover a broad range of asset classes, making us a global leader in corporate and investment banking, sales and trading.
Connecting Asia Pacific to the world
Our Asia Pacific team is spread across 19 cities in 12 markets. We are focused on connecting Asia to the world and the world to Asia, using our global expertise to ensure success is shared between us, our clients and our communities. Our regional footprint covers 12 currencies, more than a dozen languages and five time zones, placing us firmly among the region’s leading financial services companies.
The Team
The Australian Equities Research Team focuses on producing high quality and insightful research on listed companies and industry sectors in the Australian region, as well as on global thematic trends impacting sectors under coverage. The team looks to build long-term relationships with, and provide research and analysis to, regional and global institutional investment firms, listed and unlisted companies and key industry players. We require an Associate to join the Consumer team.
The Role
An opportunity exists for a Research Analyst to join our highly rated and dynamic Australian Resources Equity Research team, supporting the senior analysts covering the Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas sectors. The ideal candidate will have an excellent academic record with a degree in Mining Engineering, Geology, Accounting or related field; at least 2-3 years of relevant work experience – preferably in a banking, sell-side equity research, buy-side or mining related field; a passion for equities research and the Resources sector; excellent writing and financial modelling skills and be highly motivated.
Responsibilities
Contribute to the publication of thought provoking, insightful and valuable research reports on issues or topics impacting the Australian Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas companies and sectors.
Meet with company management and investor relations.
Maintain a detailed knowledge of the Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas companies and commodities markets.
Build financial models to value Metals & Mining and Oil & Gas projects and companies.
Assist with client requests for data and information.
Assist in the design and preparation of analyst marketing materials
Collaborate with domestic, regional and global colleagues on research projects
Develop relationships and interacting with colleagues in research, equity sales and trading, as well as institutional clients, investor relations, company management and other industry participants.
Be responsible for the specific analysis of individual companies and their equities within metals and mining and oil and gas sector
Produce regular reports summarizing findings and predictions, as well as responsibility for the sector news flow and contributing to overall sector views/pieces
Preferred Background and qualifications/skills
Excellent academic record with a degree in Mining Engineering, Geology, Accounting or related field.
Strong understanding of the global commodities, metals and mining and oil and gas sectors.
At least 2-3 years of relevant work experience – preferably in a banking, sell-side equity research, buy-side or mining related field.
Excellent financial modelling skills and a solid grounding in financial/accounting fundamentals.
Ability to interpret and analyze company’s financial statements, announcements and industry news in order to write research report from the findings.
Meticulous attention to detail, self-driven to deliver results and take responsibility for the outcomes are essential for the role.
Highly motivated, proactive with high level of enthusiasm for equity research.
Demonstrated ability to think logically and creatively, generate ideas and exercise good judgment.
Job Band:
H6
Shift:
Hours Per Week:
38
Weekly Schedule:
Referral Bonus Amount:
0"
14,"Budget & Financial Reporting Group / Budget Policy & Coordination Division / Budget Estimates and Advice Branch
APS 6 ($88,157 - $107,593) | Ongoing & Non-ongoing | Full-time & Part-time
Canberra, ACT
ABOUT THE BRANCH

The Budget Estimates and Advice Branch is responsible for the overall management of the Budget process, including advising the Government on the timetable for the Budget and other economic updates. The Branch supports government decision-making on expenditure, including through analysis and advice on program estimates to the Expenditure Review Committee (ERC) of Cabinet, develops Finance’s input into Budget Paper 2, and provides analysis on the Final Budget Outcome (FBO) report. The Branch undertakes and facilitates research, analysis and modelling to build the evidence base on Budget priorities and long-term fiscal pressures. The Branch is also the key liaison point for working with the Parliamentary Budget Office (PBO).

ABOUT THE ROLE

The Senior Data Analyst of the Budget Analytics and Visualisation team will deliver analysis projects to improve the efficiency and quality of Government spending. The successful candidate will need to establish credibility and trusted expertise, be a collaborative team member and have proven stakeholder engagement and project management skills.

The role involves conducting complex, cross-portfolio policy analysis and providing data-based insights that use best-practice analytical methodologies. Integrated Commonwealth microdata assets and other contextual data sets are used by the team to explore policy influences and impacts. This supports Finance’s Agency Advice Units in providing advice to Government by adding analytical rigour to the analysis of new and existing policies and programs.

The team interprets findings and presents insights through written and visual products for a diverse audience (including Ministers and the ERC). The Senior Data Analyst will work with the team and Agency Advice Units to identify and produce new insights on key policies and programs. The role also requires supporting the team to implement data governance, quality assurance and analytics capability building across BFR.

WHAT DOES FINANCE OFFER YOU?

You will influence the development of public policy and the future of Australia’s recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic.
The opportunity to use your strong analytical and communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, resilience and leadership capabilities,
Expand your career pathways and networks.
We offer competitive salaries, access to flex and paid overtime.
We provide access to an extensive learning and development calendar and options for paid study and studies assistance.

DETAILED VACANCY INFORMATION

For detailed information about this role, including the job specific capabilities, please refer to the downloadable job pack, which can be accessed by clicking the hyperlink at the bottom of this page.

ELIGIBILITY ADVICE & CANDIDATE NOTES


Under section 22(8) of the Public Service Act 1999, employees must be Australian citizens to be employed in the Australian Public Service (APS) unless the Agency Head has agreed otherwise, in writing.
Successful applicants will be required to undergo the process to obtain and maintain, or continue to hold the required security clearance level for the role as indicated in the downloadable job pack. All Finance staff are required to have a minimum baseline security clearance prior to commencement.
This role is being advertised as both ongoing and non-ongoing. Roles may be offered as either ongoing or non-ongoing subject to business needs and/or candidate preference. Where a non-ongoing position is offered, the role will be filled as a specified term vacancy for an initial period of up to 18 months. Specified term vacancies may be offer for a maximum of 18 months initially, and be extended up to a maximum period of three years.

CONTACT INFORMATION


For questions relating to the online lodgement of your application, please email the Recruitment team via recruitment@finance.gov.au or call (02) 6215 1717 between 8:30am - 5:00pm AEST Monday to Friday.
For specific questions relating to this job vacancy, please refer to the details on the contact officer located in the downloadable job pack."
15,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Brisbane, QLD, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 20058

What will your typical day look like?

As a Reporting and Insights Consultant, you will enhance existing, and develop new business performance reporting, in Tableau and DOMO, for stakeholders across Deloitte, including senior executive leaders. Working with the wider team, you will translate business requirements into quantitative metrics, with the business looking to you as an expert in reporting across Deloitte’s Clients, Industries and Markets. You will answer the ‘Why’ and ‘So What’ for our internal stakeholders, investigating trends and outliers within large datasets. Using your experience and understanding of what stakeholders need from reporting, you will regularly present and roadshow new products and views, aligned to individual business needs.

About the team

Welcome to MCBD, the Marketing, Communications and Business Development team - A.K.A. Deloitte’s creative heartbeat. Meet 150+ like-minded experts committed to thinking outside of the box. We bring to life ideas and strategies that build Deloitte’s brand eminence and help us stand out. Our unparalleled marketing, design and social expertise allows us to make a difference across everything we do.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
Experience in gathering and analysing data sets to translate problems into actionable insights and recommendations. With your strong commercial acumen, you will be familiar with financial terminology and the reporting requirements of a business. Strong analytical capabilities and structured problem-solving skills will be your strength, as will excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate to all levels of management.

Being proficient in Excel and PowerPoint is a must. Having experience in data visualisation tools such as Tableau or Domo would be a plus.

You should also have:
1-2 years experience in business reporting and/or analytics
Demonstrated experience understanding the importance of data integrity
An ability to build professional relationships and rapport with non-technical stakeholders
Excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate with at all levels.
Knowledge of data visualisation and reporting automation tools such as Excel, Tableau, Cognos, Domo, or Power BI. Reporting development and analysis in Excel is essential, all other tools are desired.
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
16,"Open To: Australian Citizen in Canberra

Experience and good working knowledge in the research and analysis of datasets
Experience using and working with Microsoft Excel to analyse data and collate findings
Proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders including working collaboratively as part of an agile, multidisciplinary team
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience in developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogs, source to target mappings, use cases and conceptual data models"
17,"This role will suit you if you are collaborative, technically strong and enjoy problem solving. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a high performing team which is aligned to revenue generation where you will have the chance to learn by doing, progress your career and grow your skillset.
PhD in mathematics, physics, or a related field required
Join a global front office team
C++ or Python programming skills advantageous
Our Quant Strategy team applies specialist methods from mathematics, science and engineering to generate revenue. We work on derivative valuation and risk, automated trading and execution, and data-driven decision-making.
You will research and implement financial models for product valuation, risk analysis, and trading and be expected to build strong relationships across the business by providing quantitative expertise to traders and marketers, as well as our technology and compliance teams.
With outstanding academic achievements, a PhD in a quantitative discipline (e.g. maths, physics or engineering), your intellectual curiosity and self-motivation, together with great communication and collaboration skills, will help formulate business ideas mathematically and deliver practical solutions. Your experience with C++, Python or other programming languages will be advantageous.
To apply, please submit a cover letter, concise resume and Academic Transcripts as one Word or PDF-formatted document. To include your cover letter and transcripts, please insert the additional pages into the front or back of your resume and upload your updated resume in your Profile page. This is so that we receive the relevant documents for this position. Please note that applications without the required documentation attached will not be considered.
About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-962959
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Commodities, Quantitative Analytics, Risk Management
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Recruiter: Heather Noto
Opening Date: 07/2/2022"
18,"Imagine what we can INSPIRE with you
Moody’s empowers people to make better decisions and achieve brighter futures. This is what motivates us to bring out the best in our products and our people. Join us. Forward Together.

Moody’s (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody’s combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com.
At Moody’s, we’re taking action. We’re hiring diverse talent and providing underrepresented groups with equitable opportunities in their careers. We’re educating, empowering and elevating our people, and creating a workplace where each person can be their true selves, reach their full potential and thrive on every level. Learn more about our DE&I initiatives, employee development programs and view our annual DE&I Report at moodys.com/diversity
Moody’s Investors Service is among the world’s most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor.
At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter.
Department
Rating and Research Support
#LI-BW1
Role/Responsibilities
The Role
The Associate Analyst (AA) will conduct comprehensive analysis on an assigned portfolio of ratings/credits. The AA will perform holistic evaluations of credit risk by integrating credit inputs prepared by others, including Financial Data Analysts (FDAs), RRS Associates and external parties. In conducting credit analysis for their assigned portfolios, transactions or credit reviews, AAs will actively participate in rating committee discussions and interact with issuers and other market participants, in collaboration with Lead Analysts.
The AA role is integral to Moody’s focus on ratings accuracy, research and market outreach. The AA role will focus primarily on one Line of Business (LOB), with the potential for cross-training in other LOBs.
Key Responsibilities
Portfolio Management
Performs day-to-day credit analysis related to ratings, research, presentations, and investor outreach. Examples of analytical work produced include:
Reviewing financial spreadsheets and charts prepared by others, analyzing data and financial statements, building and updating financial forecasts, and writing analytical commentary in accordance with Moody’s methodologies.
Assisting with proprietary models and new financial projections as applicable, identifying trends in data, and applying analytical skills and judgment to form well-reasoned credit conclusions.
Reviewing transaction documents and building knowledge of cash flow and loss allocation rules (if applicable to LOB).
Monitoring portfolio with increasing independence.
Develops strong working knowledge of Moody’s methodologies and credit rating best practices, applying these with moderate guidance.
Prepares first draft of rating committee memos, in collaboration with Lead Analysts.
Demonstrates the ability to understand and identify key factors that affect issuer credit ratings. Escalates matters for discussion with Lead Analyst where appropriate and provides credit specific nuance.
Interprets and analyzes financial data and other credit inputs provided by others e.g.FDAs and RRS Associates.
Monitors credit quality and issuer and/or portfolio trends by following market developments, analyzing issuer reporting, and engaging with issuers directly for follow-up clarification and information.
As applicable to the LOB, monitors and attends earnings calls of companies within assigned portfolio, including monitoring relevant news events.
Attends and may present certain sections in rating committee meetings. Actively participates, including offering analysis and opinion where appropriate.
May complete Credit Estimates used to assess elements of credit risk in certain rated transactions.
Research & Investor Outreach
Prepares first draft of core research as applicable to the LOB e.g. credit opinions, issuer and sector comments, press releases, pre sale and new issue reports etc. in collaboration with Lead Analysts. End product requires minimal editing for publication to an external audience.
Contributes to research strategy, including idea generation and preliminary drafting, adhering to Moody’s research standards.
Demonstrates ability to craft and follow through on research ideas.
Attends investor briefings and issuer meetings as required; may help prepare presentation materials; arrives prepared to engage in discussions and may lead certain sections.
Builds positive relationships with issuers – displays initiative to understand the issuer’s business and proactively responds to issuer enquiries. May lead discussions with issuers on lower priority issues.
Credit Administration
Performs analytical tasks related to portfolio reviews and other credit projects (e.g. liquidity scrubs).
Demonstrates competency in processing ratings and research through internal systems and utilizes software specific to the rating group. Constructs and takes ownership of analytical databases as applicable. Identifies all issues with data for follow up with Lead Analyst.
Demonstrates thorough understanding and judgment in applying Moody’s processes, documentation standards and best practices, adhering to all laws and policies.
Actively participates in special projects while concurrently maintaining consistently high performance in core responsibilities. Provides significant input into various analytical and statistical projects.
Coaching & Guidance
Provides clear, concise and constructive guidance in the delegation of work to Associates (if applicable), actively managing workload pipeline in order to provide sufficient time for completion. Seeks Associate Analyst Team Manager (AATM) guidance where needed to determine how to allocate work.
Provides initial review and quality assessment of work produced by more junior RRS staff. Provides feedback to AATM on the quality and accuracy of work produced by Associates, along with providing constructive and proactive feedback to Associates and FDAs.
Contributes to training and on-boarding of new staff, serving as a ‘buddy’ where applicable.
Serves as a resource on more complex credit questions and issues for less experienced staff. Acts as mentor to more junior staff, for topics such as research writing, issuer relationship management and credit process.
Qualifications
Requirements/Qualifications
Undergraduate degree required with minimum 2 years relevant work experience. Graduate/second level degree (Masters, MBA) preferred.
Proven credit experience (in related field) required. Progress towards completion of CFA preferred.
Experience on projection analysis a plus.
Solid verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills.
Proficient in MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and prioritize tasks accordingly, independently balancing conflicting priorities.
Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
Candidates for Moody’s Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary."
19,"Date: 28-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Financial Advisory

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27571

M&A Analytics Private Equity – Analyst / Senior Analyst

This is an opportunity to join Deloitte and work in our market leading M&A Analytics team in a newly created role working with leading private equity clients. Are you in?

What will your typical day look like?

Our team is always looking for ways to solve complex client problems by utilising technology, data, and analytics. In this role you will be working with our team to drive deal origination through the use of our existing deal origination platforms, such as DealID, and our Global M&A Sensing solution. Your role will be to work with private equity clients refining investment ideas and assisting in the deal origination process from identification and screening through to initial offer.

The role will also provide you the opportunity to:
Play a key role supporting origination, opportunity evaluation, and working on a broad scope of assignments across various industries.
Develop relationships with private equity clients and support them in the development of investment ideas
Work closely with senior stakeholders in our private equity client coverage teams
Conduct research on industries trends and companies
Meet with company owners regarding potential investment from private equity
Prepare presentations and other materials for clients
Perform financial analysis and due diligence for potential transactions
Support or lead various marketing and thought leadership initiatives
Work cross-functionally across different teams within M&A and across Deloitte

Enough about us, let’s talk about you!

You are someone, who:
Has a Bachelor of Commerce, MBA, LLB or similar.
Has an innovative mindset and practical skills in utilising technology
Has strong problem-solving skills, supported by superior commercial acumen.
Has a strong understanding of the M&A and deal process
Has advanced Excel and PowerPoint knowledge and experience with research tools. Previous experience with data analytics would be beneficial.
Ability to work collaboratively and under tight deadlines with minimum direct supervision
Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to present clearly to client stakeholders at all levels
Is good at developing client relationships as well as build and maintain effective relationships with colleagues

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive."
20,"Utilise your prior experience as a Business Analyst and join our Banking and Financial Services team. This role will give you the opportunity to drive digital transformation for our clients/staff within Banking and Asset Finance. If you are driven and excited by creating digital transformation, you will find this role extremely fulfilling.
What impact will you have?
In this role, you will be:
Working closely with business stakeholders, Product Owner and Scrum team to ensure features and stories are refined and ready, with acceptance criteria complete.
Analysing data & processes to drive viable solutions that enhance our client/employee experience.
Acting as the voice of the customer to our engineers, you will provide guidance on user behaviour/credit policy to help drive development and participate in testing to ensure solution quality.
Providing regular demonstrations to stakeholders as part of sprint reviews.
Promoting continuous improvement and innovation
To excel in this role, you will have:
Strong business analysis experience (ideally from the financial services/banking industry).
Knowledge supporting large transformation projects.
A blend of technical & business analysis experience.
Knowledge and experience in implementing APIs is desirable
Strong analytical skills and ability to break-down complex problems into smaller components.
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Excellent communication and problem-solving skills.
A willingness to learn, configure & test new technologies.
strong written and verbal communication skills
A self-starter with a growth mindset and desire to learn.
A team-first attitude and enthusiasm for Agile culture.
If you are looking to own your career and take on a new challenge, please apply through the link below. For further information please contact Daniel Savva at daniel.savva@macquarie.com
Find out more about Macquarie careers at www.macquarie.com/careers
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive."
21,"Right now, EPiC Agile is looking for a talented ICT Business Analyst with proven experience working in Agile environments to partner with our awesome clients, whilst still being made to feel very much like EPiC Agile is home! This is a Full-time position located in Sydney CBD.
We are a Practitioner led Business Agility and Lean-Agile Transformation Consultancy. We coach at all levels of a business to inject lean start-up culture into the enterprise, creating work environments that people love! Our customer portfolio includes large-scale household names and smaller/leaner organizations throughout Australia, Singapore, and New Zealand.
Your main responsibilities will be:
Develop and implement functional solutions, systems and ways of working patterns such as Jira or similar software products, as well as establishing ways of working patterns (such as standups, sprint cycles, planning sessions & retrospectives) and ensuring quality and integrity of newly implemented data solutions.
Analyzing as-is business processes to identify inefficiencies may occur and help report these back to the business.
Investigate, identify and report areas where new business procedures can be implemented to improve systems/software and implement best practices wherever possible
Partnering with our clients to help formulate and document current and future business system and IT platform agility requirements.
Manage all related assignments using agile project management frameworks, principles and techniques (such as Scrum & Kanban) including technical plans, timeframes, resources and costs.
Track the progress of and help guide the development of your clients to higher agile maturity, acting as a reference point for all information regarding your team’s progress for all stakeholders
Conducting formal agile training, including coaching teams to follow the agreed agile delivery framework, and creating end user training documentation to ensure effective change management
Coordinate day to day operations and facilitate agile ceremonies to ensure the project teams are delivering value according to the project plan and priorities
Assist program managers to create overall project plans adhering to the agile delivery frameworks
Using various data modeling techniques (such as burndown charts), to help understand the needs of your teams and alter their agile ways of working practices.
Maintain accurate records of relevant technical and business information
To be considered, you will need to exhibit the following traits…
You will have a relevant Bachelor's Degree or higher.
You will have at least 3 years experience as a ICT Business Analyst including IT platform, system and software review and analysis.
You will need to have proven experience working in an Agile environment.
You are a certified Agile practitioner with certifications in one or more of the following; Certified Scrum Master (CSM), Professional Scrum Master (PSM), Lean Six Sigma, Kanban.
Proven experience in requirements gathering.
Proven experience in leading agile ceremonies.
Proven experience in running training sessions with clients, and are comfortable to run agile training sessions when required.
Excellent documentation and writing skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to analyze an environment, identify shortcomings and recommend improvements at a team level.
Ability to support the clients during and after an agile transformation, to help alleviate tension points where necessary.
Ability to lead, teach, show, mentor, advise and support people through their own agile journey.
You understand the change journey for people and have experience/understanding of change management to support large-scale organisation changes.
At EPiC Agile, we are committed to creating an awesome, inclusive culture, where you will be able to thrive. Coming to work each day should be filled with excitement as no two days will be the same. Too often people are not inspired to come to work, our mission is to change that!
If you’re an awesome human and want to be part of our amazing tribe, we’d love to hear from you so please apply now!
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Employee mentoring program
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Work from home
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
No weekends
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)"
22,"Schlumberger is the leading provider of technology and services to the energy industry across the world
Experienced Field Data Analyst
Positions available in Adelaide, SA and Perth, WA
Contract: Permanent and ADHOC Contractor (please specify your application)
Schlumberger is seeking qualified and experienced candidates to fill the position of Field Data Analyst in Australia.
The Field Data Analyst manages and is accountable for monitoring the well, maintaining all Geoservices sensors, gas equipment and data acquisition equipment, maintains the well data integrity and reliability, designs and processes detailed daily and End of Well Reports based on the data gathered during well operations.
The primary objective is to acquire, log, analyze and report well behavior at the well site to aid safe and efficient well operations and monitors all drilling parameters, well bore parameters and maintains all Geoservices equipment and sensors to detect the well conditions, in order to analyze the drilling process. Maintain the gas detection equipment at the well site to monitor and analyze the hydrocarbon gases and ensure safety by detection of other potentially harmful gases.
This role is responsible for the delivery of high quality drilling and gas data to the Client at the well site. Service quality, job reparation and planning, and job safety are key priorities.
Requirements:
Reside in Perth or Adelaide or Australia and have the right to live and work in Australia
No travel restrictions and open to relocation in Australia based on company’s requirement
Minimum BSc in Geology, Geological Applied Sciences, Earth Sciences or Applied Sciences
Must have minimum 3 years field and offshore experience as a Field Data Analyst
Have the knowledge of Drilling Equipment and Techniques and Drill String Composition
Understanding of Drilling Fluids and Hydraulics of the Drilling Fluids
Understanding of Drilling Parameters, their Acquisition and Treatment
Knowledge of Mud Logging sensors
Have valid BOSIET, MSIC, CSTP and OGUK medical certificates
Ability to maintain, prepare and dispatch of equipment
Ability to maintain high quality of service delivery at the wellsite, in terms of safety, quality and efficiency of operation
Ability to run required services, supervise operations and managing people, interact with clients and other related parties
Good personnel skills, excellent in communication, highly self-motivated, competent computer skills and ability to learn new software
Can work in a high-pressure, learns quickly and adapts to new problems and situations
Must be a team player, able to get along with individuals from other groups in the organization, and a good communicator
Excellent English written and verbal communication skills essential.
Salary: The salary will comprise an attractive package (estimate annual earning AUD 90,000-100,000/year)
Application:
Please apply via this advertisement and upload detailed resume and a cover letter outlining your qualifications and work experience.
Application is open from 19-May-2022 until 19-June-2022
Only successful applicants that meet the above criteria will be contacted.
Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or veteran status.
We are committed to providing employment opportunities for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Application Question(s):
Do you have Australian full work rights?
What's your expected annual base salary?
What's your highest level of education?
Are you willing to relocate?
How many years related offshore and/or land experience do you have?
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)
Application Deadline: 19/06/2022"
23,"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a data analytics cloud transformation program
Full-time permanent role based at Mile End - including working from home
Join a great collaborative team with a fun, inclusive and supportive culture


Your new opportunity


This exciting role will have you translate business requirements into technical specifications for business intelligence (BI), designing data store solutions for engineers to implement. Your key tasks will be:


Conduct preliminary analysis with business stakeholders to gather data store requirements, which will support their analytic and reporting needs.
Document the scope of requests for work, to enable high level estimation and planning.
Document detailed analysis of business data store requirements, supporting both functional and non-functional specifications.
Develop detailed solution designs to provide technical specifications for engineers to build data stores for analytics and reporting usage.
Help business stakeholders perform test plans consistent with their requirements and help delivery teams manage changes in scope.


What will set you apart from the rest


At RAA we hire on cultural add first and technical fit second, however, to be successful in this role you will need:


Knowledge of business analysis and data warehouse design in a BI environment
Strong ability to understand business requirements and architectural solutions and translate into technical specifications for development
Understanding of data analysis, data integration and data modelling techniques
Experience working as a data warehouse developer desirable
Proven ability to communicate effectively with people of all levels


What sets us apart from the rest


To ensure our employees feel valued, empowered and celebrated, we provide a range of employee benefits including:


Flexible Work Arrangements including working from home
Free RAA premium road service & discounts on all RAA Products
Ongoing Training & Development Opportunities & Study Support Program
Wellbeing Facilities and Corporate Health Insurance Plan
On-site Cafe with Barista - plus much more!


Who we are -
As one of the state’s largest and most iconic organisations, we’re proud to make things better for members and better for our community. More than 780,000 members choose us to deliver peace of mind through our trusted range of motor, home and travel products and services. We’re also one of the state’s largest employers (and growing!), with more than 1200 employees working collectively with the common goal to keep our members moving."
24,"The Opportunity
ClimateWorks’ research projects are pioneering and multidisciplinary in nature, drawing on the latest research from technical, economic, financial and scientific fields.
To work in this dynamic environment, you will be creative and apply your strong problem-solving skills to contribute to the development of frameworks and methodologies.
As a Business Analyst with a background in education and/or engineering with a flair for statistics, you will provide key support for the analysis conducted by the Research, Analysis and Modelling team.
In this pivotal role you will identify and review scientific and economic reports to gather statistical data relevant to the projects, support robust statistical analysis and modelling under guidance, generate reports and presentations based on their findings and interact with project partners.
To succeed in this position, you will require demonstrated organisational, statistical and analytical skills, an excellent ability to work as an effective member of a team and are passionate about climate change. Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite is required, with a particular focus on Excel.
If this sounds like a position that suits your current career focus we look forward to hearing from you.
This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated.
To apply, please submit a copy of your current resume along with a cover letter in which you address how you meet the key selection criteria
For instructions on how to apply, please refer to “How to apply for Monash Jobs”.
Enquiries
Michael Li, Research & Analysis Manager, Climateworks Centre, MSDI, +61 412 425 147
Position Description
Business Analyst - Climateworks Centre
Closing Date
Thursday 2 June 2022, 11:55pm AEST


At Monash University, the health, safety and wellbeing of our staff, students and visitors remain our priority. In accordance with the Directions issued by Victoria’s Chief Health Officer, we require all staff, students and visitors to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have an approved medical exemption from receiving a COVID-19 vaccine in order to attend our campuses and locations.
For the latest information on COVID-19 at Monash, please visit our website.
Supporting a diverse workforce"
25,"Job ID: 590241

Job type: Full Time - Permanent

Categories: Finance & Payroll

Who we are

Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand. Through trusted relationships and world leading insight we work closely with our customers to design, build and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities.
Position summary

Exciting opportunity, now available for a Business Analyst to support our Purchase to Pay function within Downer Group. This position sits within the Business Services Centre (BSC) which provides Accounting and Administration Support services to all Downer and Spotless businesses.

Full- Time permanent opportunity based across Sydney or Melbourne. The purpose of the Business Analyst – P2P is to provide functional and analytical support to the Purchase to Pay (P2P) function within the Downer’s Business Services Centre (BSC).

THE ROLE

Reporting to the Accounts Payable Manager – Performance & Reporting you will be responsible for although not limited to:

Provision and maintenance of reports to provide accurate information to internal and external customer reporting requirements

Analysis of P2P Data and Performance Metrics and provide outcomes to P2P Leadership

Ensures data integrity and system security for P2P systems.

Documentation of process flows and supporting resources

Provides support to the P2P team on software functionality including problem

analysis, resolution and testing.

Carry out tasks in line with The Downer Standard and Service Level

Agreements.

Triage and engage with Application Support teams to ensure requests for

support and maintenance are managed and escalated appropriately.

Lead projects and participate in improvement initiatives

Assist with EOFY activities as directed by Manager

ABOUT YOU

Experience in an Accounts Payable and Purchase to Pay function is preferred

Project management experience highly regarded

Prior experience in accounts payable process improvement projects

Experience in Business Intelligence tools (PowerBI, Tableau, etc)

Lean Sigma – Green Belt or above highly regarded

Capability Profile

Able to effectively engage and work with a range of stakeholders, including customers, business users, outsourced providers and vendors

Able to effectively articulate, present and communicate information

Able to apply technical expertise in Kofax, JDE and SAP.

Able to effectively understand and document relevant processes

Able to effectively plan, prioritise and organise work

Able to work in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment to achieve personal and professional KPI’s

High level of knowledge of accounts payable or accounting practices

Knowledge of continuous improvement methodologies

Familiarity with Kofax or other Document Capture software is highly regarded

WHAT WE OFFER

As an employee of Downer, you may benefit from a range of career support programs, wellbeing packages and financial benefits, available through us and our selected partners. These include:

Access to the Employee Assistance Program;

Flexible work arrangements;

Onsite childcare – Sydney Only

Salary sacrifice superannuation;

Novated leasing;

Banking discounts & offers;

Discounted travel & accommodation;

Discounted vehicle rentals;

Offers and cash back on selected shopping portals;

Discounts on technology products; and

Exclusive offers on a range of vehicles.

If you are enthusiastic and dedicated to establishing and growing your career we’d love to speak to you! Hit or contact Paul Sampedro for more information on Paul.Sampedro@downergroup.com. Please note applications by email will not be accepted
How to apply

To apply for this great opportunity please click the button

Closing Date: 13 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
26,"Job no: 510556
Brand: Flight Centre
Work type: Full time
Location: Queensland
Categories: Finance & Strategy

Situated in Flight Centre’s HQ, one of Brisbane’s most desirable corporate headquarters complete with rooftop dining and drinks, 24/7 gym, direct access to South Bank train and busway stations and the South Bank precinct just across the road, we offer perks and company culture that are second to none.
About the Opportunity
We are on the hunt for a Senior Reporting Analyst to join our dynamic, fast-paced and successful Finance team. In this role, you will report to the General Manager of Finance and work collaboratively with our Flight Centre Travel Group teams.
As a Senior Reporting Analyst, you will be specialising in reporting, responsible for the design, build and maintenance of reports and process automation to support the operational requirements of the business. You will be responsible for managing changes, including automation and implementation and overseeing the consistency of reporting and data structures. You will also be tasked with working on both operational and financial project initiatives. This role leads a team of 2 Reporting Analysts and is responsible for performing a variety of data and automation reporting activities to a high standard utilising advanced analytical and automation skills across complex datasets.
What you will be doing:
Conduct monthly 1 on 1s
Budgeting, forecasting and cash-flows
Develop and analyse reporting as required by operational and finance leaders
Lead the Reporting Analyst team and ensure they hit their targets and timeframes
Assist with special projects and the implementation of systems and process improvement initiatives
Format and communicate results, using textual, numeric, graphical and other visualisation methods appropriate to the target audience
Apply data analysis, data modelling, and quality assurance techniques to gain a detailed understanding of business processes
Identify modifications or maintenance required for established data structures and associated components (entity descriptions, relationship descriptions, attribute definitions)
Specify and apply appropriate data transformation techniques to turn various data sources and types into standardised outputs which supports business processes
You'll be perfect for this role if you can showcase:
5+ years of experience in a reporting role
Understands complex database structures
Knowledge of data integration methods and tools
Business/Commerce/IT degree with Finance Systems understanding
Strong knowledge and experience with Transact SQL or similar, Power BI, Visual Basic for Applications, MS Excel and PowerPoint
What's in it for you?
Flexible work environment
Ongoing training and professional development
Access to our 24/7 gym located at Global Head Office
Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses
Essential to have an understanding of accounting concepts and principles. CA/CPA preferred
Travel discounts and deals bookable through our internal team of travel agents, Travelwise
Discounted financial and health services through our Moneywise and Healthwise businesses
We do things a little differently… We do things the Flight Centre Way! We have a unique culture based on a proven mix of ideas, values and ways of working that have helped shape our business for over the past 40+ years. Across all our brands, we take our business seriously but not ourselves. We take leaps of faith, have trust in our teams and work collaboratively to achieve our goals.
If you think you have what it takes, then reach out today!"
27,"As an established Australian born business, we're proud to be ranked 3rd for the AFR's Best Places to Work 2022!!!! and we are continuing to supercharge our growth by turning the global market Amber. That's right, “Aussie Amber” (our brand colour, aptly nailed by our Marketing Team!) This Amberfication is led by our perfectly formed Technology Team and we are looking for a Business Data Analyst to join our winning team.
As a global fintech company, Openpay are defining the next generation of payments. We believe people and businesses should have freedom and flexibility in how they pay with no hidden catches.
In doing so we're changing the way people pay, for the better, and we'd love you to join us in our mission. As an established Australian business, we're continuing to supercharge our growth by turning the world Amber. That's right, “Aussie Amber” (our Marketing Team nailed that one!) This Amberfication is led by in-store, mobile app and on-line payments.
About the opportunity:
We are looking for a Business Data Analyst to become a key member of our data team. As part of this role, you will work closely with our data team and business stakeholders to elicit and document detailed business requirements and deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches. You will have the opportunity to contribute and influence the business data strategy and oversee the implementation thereof. We will offer you the ideal working environment with support, training, and the tools you need to be successful.
What youll be doing :
Working with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI
Working closely with teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches
Write detailed product requirement for features planned in the Sprint planning sessions.
What youll need:
Relevant tertiary qualifications (in business analysis, computer science, science) or comparable industry experience.
Demonstrated skills in data analysis and mining using Excel and PowerBI
A solid understanding of data sources, data organization and storage and moving data in/out of platforms
Financial modelling skills an advantage
Previous experience of at least 3 years working with cross-functional software development teams in an agile environment
The Team you'll be joining:
We believe every new team member has an opportunity to add to our culture – we're a vibrant team of Podcasters, Ultra-Marathoners, Weightlifters, Chess Players, Students and more, so we're looking for people who want to be part of a diverse and ever-changing team.
Being part of a growing Fintech means you'll need to be a self-starter with high energy, motivation and focus on achieving targets. You'll crave the unknown and be excited by the opportunity to challenge yourself every day. As we grow, we change, so you'll be flexible, willing to evolve as our systems and processes do. Always tenacious, you'll relentlessly pursue opportunities and will be quick to bounce back if you encounter a setback. Most importantly, you'll be kind - our team appreciates and supports each other (particularly this year) so you'll want to be part of that team spirit.
At the moment our Team are working in a hybrid model, and we will be able to onboard you from home or at the office, which ever works best for you. We will support you to hit the ground running in our supportive and collaborative environment.
If this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!
Openpay is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. If you have any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application.
Job Type: Full-time"
28,"Join our team and explore this exciting opportunity to join the Macquarie Asset Management Finance team within our Financial Management Group. You will join a team whose responsibilities include advising the business unit and CFO on structuring of new products and transactions, as well as business acquisitions and disposals to manage the balance sheet impact and maximize returns for the business and the Group.
Day to day responsibilities include oversight of general ledger balances for a number of sub-groups and entities across the Macquarie Asset Management business. You will also contribute to accounting analysis for various accounting judgement areas and legal entity control of Macquarie funds and entities in the region. The person joining our team will work with a number of staff across various global FMG teams across Finance, Tax, Treasury in supporting the Macquarie Asset Management business and will also interact with external auditors.
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
a tertiary degree in Business/Commerce and hold a CA qualification.
prior experience and knowledge of IFRS accounting standards and requirements would be beneficial.
good communication, problem solving and relationship building skills will also be paramount to your success in this role.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-962554
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Badrul Alam
Opening Date: 31/1/2022"
29,"Permanent Opportunity
National – Operating at Sydney time
Flexible Work, 13% Super & Competitive Salary


The Role
The purpose of the role and its unique contribution is to assist in the enrichment of policyholder data to enable a customer-centric approach when interacting with policyholders


Key Responsibilities
Work effectively with the team to deliver to the project objectives
Enrich policyholder records with customer-specific data
Contribute to the build of data, data analysis and developing outputs
Ensure data is appropriately aggregated from various sources
Perform the analysis to identify priority policyholders, including hardship cases
Understand and assist in the implementation of various business and compliance rules into the design of algorithms
Appropriately document and annotate outputs to enable transparency and auditability
Assist with the build and document testing processes to ensure accuracy and robustness of data processing


Skills & Experience
Actuarial, Data Analytics or similar background with 3+ years of experience
Advanced knowledge of SAS and Microsoft applications including Excel
Strong technical/analytical skills
Experience manipulating large datasets
Adherence to compliance obligations
Expert problem solver
Ability to manage complexity
Quality focused


Ready for anything? Let’s talk.


IAG rewards and recognizes its people with generous benefits, career development opportunities and real work-life balance. Employees also enjoy 13% superannuation, up to 50% insurance discounts, flexible work and leave options, generous parental leave and return to work programs, various corporate partner discounts and a people-focused culture that celebrates achievements big and small.


Creating a workforce that actively embraces diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging is key to our success. We believe in treating everyone fairly which means that inclusion, removing barriers, striving for equity and embracing diversity are woven through our values and behaviours. We encourage applications from all backgrounds and communities and are committed to providing a work environment that enables you to thrive, whatever your circumstances. If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements please advise us via your application.


IAG has committed to the reconciliation movement in Australia for First Nations people and focus on providing a safe and supportive work environment for all our employees. More information on our Reconciliation Action Plan can be found on our company website"
30,"The Opportunity:
Working with our highly experienced cross functional teams, this role will play an integral part in expanding WiseTech Global’s reach and achieving our vision to be the operating platform for global logistics.
As a Research Analyst you will;
Partner with the Integrations and Acquisitions team to quickly learn what is valuable information to WiseTech Global for assessing potential markets or businesses;
Leverage your research skills to provide detailed financial and competitor analysis;
Present research findings (Powerpoint / Excel) to Senior leadership team;
Promote Wisetech Global by making targeted outbound calls based on your research;
Build meaningful relationships with external and internal stakeholders to extract relevant information;
As the newly appointed Research Analyst you will play an integral role within our Integrations and Acquisitions team. We work in a dynamic and high growth business and require a strong Analyst to quickly, pick up digest and present meaningful information to our Integrations and Acquisitions team.
What we’re looking for
Experience using basic research tools;
Confident in approaching and articulating to new and potential business partners
Strong communication skills with a proven ability to translate technical analysis into compelling narratives
The ability to think beyond numbers and combine data with strategy and financial insight Advanced Excel, modelling and report writing skills with experience in handling and analysing complex data sets
About WiseTech Global
Our innovations and global technology enables, improves and empowers the world’s supply chains. Having listed on the ASX in 2016, WiseTech Global is now an ASX 50, AU$10 billion+ company that is serious about expansion and technical innovation. Our mission is to change the world by creating breakthrough products that empower those that own, enable and operate the supply chains of the world.
Job Type: Full-time"
31,"Arq Group changes the way businesses do business. From award winning mobile apps, cloud and analytical insights, to design thinking and digital marketing. We define, design and create products and solutions that solve problems, big and small. Arq Group are Australia’s leading experts in Digital Solutions.
We create technology. We partner with our clients to solve problems others can't. We do this by hiring the best people out there!

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Analyst - you will provide leadership within the business through your demonstrated, hands on expertise within:

Data Analysis – as a data analyst you will be define or understand requirements for a data project/solution and perform data analysis to translate those requirements in data specifications
The 'Must Have' skills:
Data and Business analysis skills – you will be skilled in understanding requirements from business stakeholders for data projects
SQL skills
Leadership – in the form of leading a stream of work, or playing a formal or informal scrum master or project manager role
Stakeholder management – you will have strong experience in working with stakeholders and being the point of contact for them on pieces of work
The 'Nice to Have' experience.
1+ years of experience in using Data Governance frameworks like DAMA and DMBOK
Experience in leading projects or units of work
Experience in data profiling, data quality or data wrangling software such as Alteryx
Experience in Data Management or Data Catalog tools like Alation, Collibra, Talend Data Catalog or similar tools
Experience on cloud platforms - AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.
Ability to use and query a Data Lake environment
Data modelling skills (e.g. Kimball, Data Vault)
Arq Group is the dynamic space for smart thinkers. We create unforgettable experiences, solve complex challenges, and provide seamless, end-to-end solutions for businesses, big and small…. from design thinking to customer solutions, leading mobile, cloud and analytical insights, digital marketing, to web design. We are Australia’s leading digital partner, powering the growth of businesses, big and small.
At Arq you’ll find a true work-life balance. You’ll be part of a sincere team that’s all about diversity, equality, teamwork and mutual support. Sound like the place for you? Then tell us why you’re the one for us."
32,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
33,"We are seeking to speak with multiple Data Analysts for a 12-month contract role plus 2 x 12 months extensions. This project will comprise implementing an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, storing transactional data, and archiving of required data.
This role is open to all interstate candidates with Australian Citizenship (no clearance required).
Skills and experience required:
Good working knowledge and skills in the research and analysis of datasets
Excellent skills in Microsoft Excel
Proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience in developing and maintaining relevant project and design documentation such as dataset catalogs, source to target mappings, use cases, and conceptual data models.
Desirable:
Experience with Agile methodologies
Experience with Microsoft Power BI
Experience with delivering solutions using a data warehouse platform and processes
Why choose GRIT to represent you for this role?
Weekly pay cycle, paid the day after your timesheet is approved
Accessible - we're easy to reach and easy to talk to, whenever you need us
No extra fees - we cover insurance and payroll costs rather than charging you fees like some other agencies
This position closes on the 13th of May so get your application in ASAP and contact Lory at +61 488 859 573 to discuss further.
Job Type: Full-time"
34,"CFD BUSINESS OPERATIONS ANALYST
Background to & purpose of role:
The CFD Business Operations Analyst will be responsible for supporting the business across all client facing and dealing functions. This will include, but not limited to, trading and monitoring systems, settlement and corporate action functions, periodic reporting and daily monitoring, trading and account adjustments, escalated client queries, managing relationships with external brokers and vendors, and supporting the dealing desk with trade reconciliations, account and instrument restrictions and instrument adjustment/set up enquires.
Key responsibilities:
Reconciliation of Hedge trading accounts with Counterparties (Prime Brokers and Futures Clearers), resolution of differences liaising with Trading and Counterparties
Processing of Corporate Actions, both Customer and Hedge, and monitoring of Financing and Cost of Carry Rates charged to Customers.
2nd Tier Resolution of Customer queries and Complaints, Escalation of Complaint if appropriate
Processing of all manual account adjustments and charges, including cash bookings and trade corrections
Ensure Customer facing and internal systems are functioning as designed and liaise with IT during development and testing of new systems
Performing Institutional Operations tasks such as Partner Set ups, API set ups, amending partner subscriptions, holding costs and commissions, assist with any trouble shooting
Escalate all platform and price outages and communicate effectively to internal teams
Communication of events affecting Customer accounts (Eg: change of margins, Corporate Actions, account closures, position delistings etc.)
Verification and authorisation of Bank Withdrawals, and support of reconciliation process
Design and implementation of workflow and procedures for Business Operations
Maintenance of Product list and related reference data
Maintain personal/professional development to meet the changing demands of the role, including all relevant regulatory and legislative training
Facilitate all new product requests and platform feedback and escalate accordingly
Undertake such other duties, training and/or hours of work as may be reasonably required and which are consistent with the general level of responsibility of this role
Job Type: Full-time"
35,"Overview
The requirement is for Senior Data Analyst to join one of our prestigious federal clients. The Senior Data Analyst will provide credentialed data expertise and technical analysis support to build, maintain and innovated well-managed data solutions and capabilities to solve business problems.
Their work will empower the project team and guide business decisions. The Senior Data Engineer will have to handle multiple simultaneous tasks, prioritize work, and remain functional under pressure, and short timelines.
Key tasks/duties:
Utilize programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets, as well as apply mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions.
Perform quantitative analysis of complex business situations, such as strategies, performance, and solutions involving system performance and efficiency.
Conduct detailed data analysis on data used across business units to evaluate business processes, discrepant data scenarios and improve on/create new feature.
Apply advanced computer modelling, database tools and/or other approaches in conducting the analysis.
Provide data solutions, tools, and capabilities to enable self-service frameworks for data consumers.
Perform various data analytics in R, Python, SAS including SQL/PL SQL and MS Excel using statistical models or industry accepted tools
Develop and executing tools to monitor and report on data quality
Establish appreciation and adherence to the principles of data quality management, including metadata, lineage, and business definitions
Provide support to Tech teams in managing security mechanisms and data access governance.
Design, code, debug, test, document, and support server based applications such as SQL consistent with established business requirements and specifications in order to deliver the highest possible value to the Agency.
Provide high level advanced triage support to stakeholders, business partners, and product teams in managing specific issue resolution activities.
Develop a deep understanding of existing data sources, the relationships between each dataset and their limitations to support ability to support the end-to-end process of developing dashboards.
Requirements
Demonstrated capabilities as set out in key tasks/duties section
At least 5 years in a data analyst position, preferably working as a Data Analyst in a fast-paced and dynamic business setting
Tertiary qualifications demonstrating high level of investigative skills and data analysis or a strong demonstrated experience in this field. A minimum of Bachelor’s degree in addition to advanced technical skills"
36,"What is it like working at Harris Farm Markets?
Fun, fast paced and in IT you will have opportunity to work on multiple platforms and cutting-edge technologies. As family owned dynamic fresh food retailer who is rapidly growing, to thrive you will need to be open to being incredibly flexible and agile in order to meet business demands. In other words, it is busy and very fun!
As for our team, we are a small team of innovative developers who deliver quality solutions to the technical challenges of a rapidly growing company who have been a household name since 1971.
The Company
Harris Farm Markets has built a strong reputation for delivering good quality fresh food at great value for our customers.
For over 40 years we’ve remained 100% family owned and operated. We’re 26 stores (and counting) across Sydney and NSW and home to over 2,200 wonderful employees all with a common purpose, to reconnect Aussies with the joy of food.


The Role
We’re looking for a strong Business Intelligence & Data Warehouse Developer to join a fast-paced team to design and develop new BI solutions as well as redesigning the existing legacy solutions. The BI/DW Developer will also be responsible for the ongoing maintenance of those solutions. They will create & complete data requests & queries through visualization & reports, present the information that’s required to provide commercial insights to support a fast growing organisation.
You need to be an ideas person who can seek out ways to do your role smarter, thinking outside the box. This role is all about building a powerful BI capability that supports the evolution of business objectives & underpins exec level decision making such that they are better equipped & informed to drive the company forward.
We need to find the right person who can demonstrate proficiency in the following technologies:


About you
Essential skills/experience you will have
Experience evaluating and improving existing BI systems for legacy data warehouse
Experience designing the BI/DW to achieve optimal storage & reporting queries
Conducting troubleshooting on BI models
Working with senior developers to optimise database structures for existing BI systems in-place
Strong SQL (primary Microsoft SQL Server), working with advanced SQL concepts like stored procedures, views, functions and query optimization & performance tuning (Essential)
Strong SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) skills for data integration and data modelling
Experience/Understanding in data warehouse design and concepts
Understanding of C# programming (Console applications)
Understanding of SSAS (SQL Server Analysis Services), MDX Queries, Partition management and processing
Maintaining data analytics platforms, preferred SSRS
Exposure to Oracle/MySQL/MariaDB databases and aware of PL/SQL programming
Non-essential skills/experience
Understanding of SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), to design reports and manage reporting platform
Exposure of QlikView/Qlik sense
Experience with Azure DevOps Source Control
If you have a keen interest in data science that would certainly be looked upon favourably as there is the potential for this role to evolve into having that flavour so any python experience would very beneficial.


Why you should apply
Work with an awesome team!
A highly varied role that will challenge you to think outside the box
Opportunity to work with multiple technologies and IT Platforms
Workplace Flexibility
25% Staff Discount"
37,"Are you on the look out for your next data analytics opportunity in health?

Your new company

A leading health agency responsible for the development and management of a range of critical systems that provide clinical analytics.

Your new role

You will be working as part of an engaging and highly focused team, collaborating to provide industry analytics and insights. You will contribute to the development and implementation of a robust data modelling strategy.

What you'll need to succeed


Experience in statistical analysis and statistical model development.
Strong data analytical skills, with programming experience in both Python and R.
Experience using SAS, SQL and Microsoft Excel will be highly regarded;
Ability to adopt a pragmatic approach to analyse and deliver results accordingly;
Experience in conducting data analysis to support decisions and outcomes that are also influenced by policies and stakeholder input;
Critical thinking skills, including the ability to assess the quality and applicability of complex analysis and modelling

What you'll get in return


12 month fixed term contract
Up to $120,000 plus 15% Super
Engaging team environment

What you need to do now
If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.
If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career.

LHS 297508 #2641056"
38,"We are Australia's largest superannuation fund, here to help members achieve their best possible retirement outcome. Working with a wide range of stakeholders, we create meaningful value for members and our communities through our diverse workforce of highly competent and highly motivated employees.

Your New Team
Property is part of the Mid Risk investment department, which incorporates unlisted real asset portfolios including Private Credit, Infrastructure and Property. The Property Portfolio Strategy involves the ongoing pursuit and management of direct property and unlisted property fund investments within targeted subsectors across Australasia, NZ, USA, and UK/Europe.

Your New Role
As a Senior Analyst within the Mid Risk Group, you will work collaboratively to lead excellent financial modelling outcomes for the portfolio, leading analytical support to the key functions of transaction execution, asset management, and portfolio management. You will work with senior colleagues to initiate and produce high quality reporting and research in accordance with regular requirements, pertinent to the strategic priorities of the portfolio.

Key Duties
Develop, maintain and oversee key financial models to support the delivery of team objectives
Monitor and assess asset and portfolio performance
Provide oversight and research existing or new markets/ themes to guide investment strategy and recommendations
Produce portfolio reporting for the Mid Risk Group and wider team as required
Lead the financial modelling workstream and be the primary point of contact for internal and external parties
Provide detailed investment valuation analysis to assist the team
Produce high quality asset related reporting and insights

You'll Need
Tertiary qualifications in any either Business, Commerce, Property, Economics, or Finance.
Strong quantitative modelling skills / Advance Excel knowledge.
Valuation, property investment or financial modelling experience.
Strong report writing and oral communication skills.
Good knowledge of property valuation principles and practice.
Experience with undertaking analysis of data and information and drawing conclusions.
Ability to work in a collaborative team environment.

What You’ll Get In Return
You will be working with a manager who values and supports your personal growth, in a growing, dynamic and authentic organisation that promotes integrity and puts members first. Other benefits include a competitive salary, genuine flexible working arrangements, income protection insurance and generous leave entitlements.
We are committed to the recruitment, development, and support of a diverse workforce into an environment which is inclusive, embraces diversity in all its forms and is a place where you can be you. All roles can flex at AustralianSuper and we’re happy to discuss what this can look like for you.
We are proud to be a WGEA certified Employer of Choice for Gender Equality (8 years running) and to be recognised as one of Australia’s top 10 workplaces for Dads.

What’s Next
Please apply now, if you share our values of Energy, Integrity, Generosity of Spirit and Excellent Outcomes and would like the opportunity to work in a challenging, growing and rapidly evolving team to deliver outstanding results.

Be Inspired, Be Bold, Be You
Agencies please note: this vacancy is being managed directly by AustralianSuper’s Recruitment team. We will contact our preferred agency partners should we require additional support. Thank you."
39,"Junior Analyst. High volume data processing. Budget reporting. Ad hoc budget and analysis tasks.

The Company
Our client is a leading company that prides itself on providing a workplace where the best people come to do their best work. Ongoing growth has created an exciting opportunity for your skills as a Junior Data Analyst, and your rewards include a vibrant workplace with a strong sense of community and inclusion, and a career where you can make a difference by collaborating with, and learning from, the best.
The Role
You will be responsible for:
High volume data processing.
Budget reporting.
Data population/compilation in Excel.
Data loads into the system.
Ad hoc budget and analysis tasks.
Your Skills & Experience
Excellent experience in data analysis or proven equivalent competency gained through any other combination of education, training or experience.
Excellent Excel skills.
Extensive experience working directly with users, helping them understand how to harness the power of business intelligence.
A thorough knowledge of report building.
About You
You relish a fast-paced, dynamic environment - in fact, some of your best work has been completed under pressure. You have brilliant technical skills but you're also a keen collaborator who can partner with a range of team members to work collaboratively across the organisation. You have an enquiring mind that lets you analyse data quickly and effectively, and your outstanding communication skills mean you are able to convey your findings to a wide range of colleagues.
What's on offer?
An exceptional work environment where your skill set can be expanded.
The support of a passionate and talented IT team.
A creative workplace where innovation and initiative is valued.
A dynamic company that supports work-life balance.
Exposure to work within a government organisation.
Robert Half Ltd is committed to equal opportunity and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of categories protected under local law."
40,"Date: 16-May-2022
Location: AU
Company: Woodside Energy Ltd
About Woodside
We know great results come from our people feeling valued, getting the support they need to reach their full potential as well as bring their whole self to work. We also recognise that enduring, meaningful relationships with communities are fundamental to maintaining our licence to operate.


Technology and innovation are essential to our long-term sustainability. We are growing our carbon and new energy businesses using technology to reduce emissions and the carbon footprint of our products. We are working to improving energy efficiency, offset emissions, reduce emissions intensity and explore options for lower-carbon energy. Woodside led the development of the LNG industry in Australia and is applying this same pioneering spirit to solving future energy challenges.


Our global headquarters are based in Perth and our state-of-the-art campus reflects the quality of life Perth is known for - with a six Green Star rating, advanced wellness features and flexibility in how you work.
Woodside Culture
We recognise that a key contributor to our success is an inclusive culture that promotes diversity and a sense of belonging.


Flexible work arrangements including part time hours or job share will be considered – please indicate on your resume if you wish to be considered for a position with flexible working arrangements.
About the Role:
The key purpose of this role is to provide independent oversight of portfolio trading and marketing activities through quantifying and reporting commodity market risk. You will work closely with various stakeholders in providing recommendations, advice, and assurance back to the business.


The successful candidate will be a highly motivated team player, who is not afraid to get hands-on to get the work done.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Support the development and implementation of the market risk management control environment.
Develop models and tools to support the independent quantification of risk and value.
Calculate, analyse, and communicate exposures and market risk metrics.
Run on-going maintenance of market risk management systems, including performing periodic stress-testing and back-testing to ensure accuracy.
Monitor compliance, execution of derivatives, deal capture and deal confirmations.
Maintain an appropriate understanding of energy market conditions.
Deliver error-free market risk reports to key stakeholders with risk management insights, including Senior Management and the Executive Committee.
Manage project delivery and systems integration.
Skills & Experience:
Previous experience in similar role within the oil and gas industry (e.g., Risk Analyst, Trading Analyst, Trading Operator, or similar).
Degree qualified in any of the following or equivalent: Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Actuarial Science, Statistics, Economics or Finance.
Advanced Excel and VBA skills (advantageous to have other programming language knowledge).
Strong written and verbal communication, with the ability to communicate findings and recommendations in a clear, concise manner to all levels of management.
You are a self-starter and a motivated professional.
You are happy to work flexibly as required by the business.
Strong mathematical, modelling, and problem-solving skills with a keen eye for detail.
You share and demonstrate the same values we do: integrity, respect, discipline, excellence, working sustainably and working together.
Covid 19 Vaccination Requirements
If this role is site based or may reasonably require you to travel to site (site also includes Port Facilities or Remote Operation Centers) , it is subject to the WA Government Mandatory Vaccination Health Directions (Directions). These require you to be fully vaccinated and have received Booster Vaccinations or hold a valid exemption in line with the relevant Directions in order to be permitted to access the facilities and perform duties of the role.
For more information on the Government Directions, please visit the WA Government web site:
Resources Industry Worker (restrictions access directions)
Booster Vaccination (restrictions access directions)
Port Worker and Exposed Port Worker (restrictions access directions)


If this is solely an office based role, you will be required to comply with the Woodside Covid 19 Vaccination Procedure. This requires either a valid exemption, or to be fully vaccinated against Covid 19 which is currently 2 shots of a TGA approved vaccine. This definition may alter to include subsequent booster vaccinations as recommended by WA Health. This applies across all our Australian office facilities.
Please consider these requirements when submitting your application.
Recognition & Reward:
What you can expect from us:
Commitment to your ongoing development, including on-the-job opportunities, formal programs, coaching and mentoring
Industry-leading 18 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carer, and maintenance of superannuation or retirement benefits at the current rate during any period of unpaid parental leave for up to 24 months (plus secondary carer leave entitlements)
Values led culture
Active employee community groups for gender equality, reconciliation between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians, and LGBTI+ staff and allies, and Neurodiversity
Community volunteering opportunities
Relocation assistance (if required)
A competitive remuneration package, featuring performance-based incentives, above-industry superannuation contributions and a health insurance allowance


Woodside is committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workforce culture, which is supported by our Compass values. Our aim is to attract, develop and retain a truly diverse and high-performing workforce.
We encourage diversity of age, nationality, ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, physical ability, cultural background, thinking styles, experience, family background, including carer commitments and education. Inclusion centres on all employees creating a climate of trust and belonging, where people feel comfortable to bring their whole self to work. We offer supportive pathways for all employees to grow and develop leadership skills. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and those seeking a more flexible working environment, including part-time opportunities


Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 16 June 2022."
41,"About Vanguard
Vanguard Australia has been helping investors achieve their long-term financial goals for over 20 years. Serving institutional, intermediaries and individual clients, we offer investment solutions that are low-cost, diversified and robust through time.
With more than AUD $11 trillion in assets under management, Vanguard is one of the world’s largest global investment management companies. Our comprehensive range of managed funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs) and tailored investment solutions are built to support long-term investment success for our clients.
Our Team & Opportunity
The Product Analyst will work within the Superannuation Proposition and Experience team to support the definition of a client centric vision and consistent digital experience for retail clients. This role will work with a senior Product Manager to analyse current state, consider solution options, and agree to a continuous improvement for Vanguard’s retail experience.
What you will do
Assist the Product Manager to define the roadmap of features to improve our retail experience
Work with multi-disciplinary agile teams following human centre design practices to help define opportunities, facilitate discussion of solution options, and deliver on our vision. This includes assistance in delivery of complex enhancements, across multiple delivery teams.
Gain a deep understanding of the similarities and difference between Vanguard’s Superannuation and Personal Investor product offering.
Look for synergies and opportunities to improve the client experience for those holding multiple products with Vanguard, with a relentless focus on making things easier for clients.
Collate and analyse data with assistance of data and insights team, to prioritise enhancement opportunities.
Complete product verification testing on delivered features
Monitor and report on feature success, in collaboration with relevant teams.
Evangelise the retail client vision throughout interaction with other part of the Vanguard business.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
What are we looking for
2+ years' financial markets or superannuation industry experience
1+ years’ business analysis or product analysis experience
Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience required.
Strong Microsoft Office capability.
Ability to work under tight time constraints.
Ability to work independently and perform effectively in a team environment.
Excellent stakeholder management skills
Strong verbal and written communications skills, interpersonal skills, professional attitude and presence.
Ability to deal with ambiguity and rapid change. Proven experience of working in flexible and ever-changing environment.
Inclusion Statement
Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”
We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.
When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard’s core purpose.
Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
Future of Work
During the pandemic, we transitioned to a work from home model for the majority of our crew and we continue to interview, hire, and on-board future crew remotely.
As we have developed the path forward, we have taken a thoughtful approach that both maximizes the advantages of working remotely and the many benefits of coming together and collaborating in a shared workspace. We believe that in-person interactions among our crew are important for preserving our unique culture and advantageous for the personal development of our crew.
When our Crew return to the office, many will work in our hybrid model. A smaller proportion of our crew will operate in the Work from Home work model (for example, field sales crew); or in the Work from Office model (for example, portfolio managers).
The working model that your role falls into will be communicated to you in the interview process – please do ask if you are unsure. We encourage you to make the decision regarding your job interview and offer knowing which model your role will fall into. We will test and learn as our ways of working evolve and will continue to evaluate working models along the way."
42,"Job Description:
REQUIREMENT
Must Have strong PL/SQL knowledge
Must have experience about Customer’s stakeholder’s management
Experience with Hadoop Technology stack (HIVE) - Desirable
Experience with multiple architectures/data model patterns for data warehousing/analytics platforms, with an understanding of the pros and cons of each approach, especially as they apply to the strengths and weaknesses of different platforms (eg. HDFS vs Teradata)
Good to have knowledge in SQL Performance tuning
Must have experience in data projects
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Visa Status / Working Rights
Notice Period
Salary Exception
Personal Email
Experience:
Senior Data Technical Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
43,"About the role:
An extended description of the role is included in the attached Role Statement which should be read in parallel with the Position Description. You are encouraged to ring the contact person for an informal chat about the role.
Family Violence Command was established to lead Victoria Police with a coordinated, streamlined response to this high-profile, critical topic. The Command is responsible for the delivery of high-level projects that will enable Victoria Police to improve police responses to three key themes: sexual offences, child abuse and family violence.
The Intelligence and Data Insights (IDI) team collates, coordinates, and produces strategic intelligence and organisational support products. The team works closely with internal and external stakeholders to identify key intelligence gaps, intervention, and prevention opportunities to best support our front line and organisational and response activities. IDI is a team of 4; three existing intelligence analysts and the newly created Data Analysis and Lineage role advertised here. The role was created to enhance the command's position in being data and evidence led and enhance the data analysis and lineage capabilities. The role reports directly to the Manager and has no direct reports itself.
Victoria Police is a contemporary and agile workplace and supports flexible working arrangements.

Your duties will include:

Understanding the organisational and operational environment enough to be able to contextualise the data and offer pragmatic solutions
Build expertise across multiple data systems both in understanding how they are used by the front end user, as well as the data created and how it can be utilised
Create documentation relating to the data that assists with business continuity and also builds a knowledge repository for data relating to our three key themes
Analyse data both for trends and for quality, and report on findings with confidence
Support overall command goals and business requirements by being flexible in taking on duties that extend beyond data analytics when required
Engage with colleagues and stakeholders with customer service as a focus, and enhance the general data literacy levels in the workplace
As the successful applicant, you will have:

Experience and understanding of data governance, quality, manipulation, and interpretation
Be comfortable with using Excel for data manipulation, cleansing and presentation
Experience with SQL will help in adapting to SAS Enterprise Guide, however transferrable skills from any programming language will be beneficial
Curiosity and passion: The driving force behind new discoveries, curiosity is essential in our approach to data. You will demonstrate a curious and inquisitive approach in following any piece of information in the data that could lead to answering big questions, digging deeper into issues and pulling at the thread, and overall, enjoy tracking the flow of data end to end. Enjoyment and passion toward enhancing data culture is key.
Requirements and relevant information:

One (1) x full-time, ongoing position available.
This position is located at Victoria Police Centre, 311 Spencer Street, Docklands.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa.
The successful candidate will be required to undergo pre-employment checks which may include fingerprint checks and misconduct screening.
In accordance with the Acting Chief Health Officer's Direction – COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions, you are required to be fully vaccinated (this includes a booster vaccination) and your employment with Victoria Police is subject to proof of vaccination.
Your application must include:

Resume (no more than three pages)
Completed application form – the word document (2. Application form) for you to complete and attach to your submission, is attached to the job advertisement. The application form must not exceed 5 pages.
Applications close midnight, 29 May 2022.
Please Note: All applications will need to be submitted through one of the following platforms; Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE) website, Victorian Government careers website (Careers.vic) or Seek. Applications will not be accepted via other platforms or email.
Current Victorian Government employees must apply via Jobs and Skills Exchange (JSE).
For further information, please contact: Gordana on 0428 082 426 or via email idi-recruitment-mgr@police.vic.gov.au.You are encouraged to contact Gordana for an informal chat about the role prior to applying, just keep in mind you will gain more from the conversation if you have read the provided material in advance.
If you have a disability/medical condition and require a copy of this advertisement and attached documentation in an accessible format or would like to discuss an access requirements/reasonable adjustment for the recruitment process, please contact VPS Recruitment via email VPSRECRUITMENT@police.vic.gov.au or on (03) 8335 8081.

About Us:
Victoria Police has a dedicated workforce of more than 22,000 employees consisting of police, protective services officers, police custody officers, and public service staff. Each employee plays a vital role in providing the 24/7, 365 days a year emergency response and public safety capability the organisation delivers to its community. As a Victoria Police employee, you have a dedication and commitment to community safety.
Having a workforce that reflects the community we serve is important to Victoria Police. We want to attract and retain people of all genders, ages, religions, disability, sexual orientation, family and caring responsibilities, and cultures including people of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander heritage. If you are interested in a position, we encourage you to apply as we celebrate the benefit that diversity brings to our employees, our services, and our community.
Find out what it is like working as a Victorian Public Servant for Victoria Police: https://www.police.vic.gov.au/vps"
44,"Maintaining security and being risk adverse are at the top of our priorities here at ING! The Security team provides security capabilities and consultancy that enable the entire organisation to be successful in a safe and secure way.
With this in mind, we have two newly created positions for an experienced Cyber Security Risk Analyst to join our Tech Security team. You’ll be responsible for monitoring the Bank’s cyber security environment across Australia region and to work as part of a collaborative team to manage the end-to-end application security process.
There will always be opportunities to learn and grow in the role, understand all aspects of security and the Tech Security team is considered a great talent cultivator with team members often being promoted into all areas of the business.
What are you going to do? You will be…

Working with risk and audit teams to help manage the banks systems within risk appetite. Identify, monitor, collect and provide evidence to Risk related control gaps for various teams.
Provide risk and control gap reporting, including generation of trend reporting for stakeholders.
Providing pragmatic security advice through the system development lifecycle, making security an integral part of the Agile lifecycle
Collaborating with delivery and infrastructure teams to analyse reported vulnerabilities and recommend appropriate mitigating strategies.
Threat modelling, identifying current and emerging technology issues including security trends, vulnerabilities and threats.
Investigating and responding to security queries and escalations from internal and external sources, including managing the events from detection to classification as an incident, and through to closure.
Working with ING Global Security team as local virtual team member.
Managing Security Monitoring related backlogs and priorities effectively according to department/organisation goals
What are we looking for? Someone who has…
Experience with infrastructure, networking and security technologies.
5+ years’ experience in IT Security or development with knowledge of scripting. Preferably from Banking / financial services.
Good understanding of Vulnerability process, security event monitoring, waiver and exemption process.
Ability to work with large volumes of data and to identify trends/regular patterns within the monitored environment to enable identification of unusual activities.
Technical security certifications (SANS, CISSP) or equivalent.
Strong communication skills – can produce professional reports and communicate technical issues in non-technical terms, both verbally and written.
Initiative and drive, a true self-starter who is confident to work independently whilst also performing more complex tasks and analysis.
Good time management and influencing skills to manage stakeholder expectations to ensure optimal outcomes are achieved.
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application.
About Us

At ING, we want to make life simpler and more worthwhile – for everyone who banks with us, for the people who work with us, and the community at large, too.

When you come to work at ING, you’re joining a team where individuality isn’t just accepted, it’s encouraged. We’ve built a culture that’s fun, friendly and supportive – it’s the kind of place where you can be yourself and make the most of whatever you have to offer.

We give people the freedom to take risks, think differently, take ownership of their work, and make great things happen. We’re here to help you get ahead. And with our global network, there’s plenty of scope to take your career in new directions, perhaps even ones you’ve never considered.

People of all ages, sexual orientations, cultures and backgrounds are welcome to apply – likewise if you’re an indigenous Australian, or you’re living with a disability, or you have family or caring responsibilities.

Sound like the kind of place you’d feel at home? We’d love to hear from you.
Please contact mia.annamalai@ing.com.au for more information.

(One last thing, ING operates a direct talent-sourcing model. So no agency introductions, please.)"
45,"Job description
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:
Engage business and technology teams to deliver best in class Customer Lifecycle Management capabilities
Work collaboratively with the various delivery practice groups
Provide innovative solutions that meet the needs of our business
Perform data gathering and develop business, technical and non-functional requirements
Converts business needs into functional design using knowledge of system capabilities, knowledge and architecture
Prepare technical documents such as data mapping and functional specifications
Prepare process maps
Assist in assessing and documenting the current state of business to identify and recommend improvements and verification and validation of resulting requirements
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)
Application Question(s):
Salary expectation
Notice period
Visa status/Working rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Business Systems Analyst(Payment/Financial Crime background): 4 years (Preferred)"
46,"About Woolworths Group
Woolworths Group is a food and everyday needs retailer united by the shared purpose of creating better experiences together for a better tomorrow. With more than 1,400 stores across its Woolworths Supermarkets, Countdown Supermarkets (New Zealand) and BIG W brands, and fast-growing eCommerce businesses, Woolworths Group is Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailer. A top 10 company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Woolworths Group employs more than 180,000 team members and serves more than 20 million customers a week.

Data Analyst - Strategic Store Space Optimisation Initiatives

Are you looking for an opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your ability to communicate a compelling story and build great relationships? If so, this is the ideal role for you!

Be an advocate for the use of customer-focused data and insights in the business
Work with a team that supports growth and career development
Norwest based with WFH flexibility

About the Role

As we continue to increase our customer focus and lead the food market within Australia we will continue to place a greater emphasis on strategic thinking and the ongoing development of a high-performing Commercial team.
You will have the opportunity to work on one of the biggest strategic initiatives within the Woolworths business - to deliver a differentiated offer for our customers, leveraging our data and insights to inform our space strategy and ranging decisions.

About the Role

The Macro Space Analyst is positioned within the Space and Insights team and is responsible for analysing space utilisation and performance within our stores. The individual will be responsible for deriving data-driven, fact-based recommendations to ensure store designs are customer-centric and maximise the shopping experience for our customers.

Key responsibilities include, however not limited to:
Partner with our Merchandising & Space Tribe in the delivery of tailored stores through data-driven space management
As an analyst, you will assist with the delivery of customer-focused floor plans, optimising space allocation across departments and categories, while driving continuous improvement initiatives
Deriving data-led insights, providing recommendations on space strategy and striving to maximise our Return on Space
Identify store opportunities through structured analysis and problem solving across different areas; support the build and delivery of multi-store programs driving significant incr. sales and profit outcomes
Incorporate strategic insights from qualitative and quantitative consumer and category research
Consult and collaborate confidently with stakeholders across the business to achieve desired outcomes

We Offer

An exciting career - As our business grows, so do the opportunities for our team members
Strong career progression and succession opportunities into more senior strategy positions or other business roles across Woolworths Group
Paid parental leave, Headspace Days
Strong mentorship and development; opportunity to collaborate with some of the brightest and best minds in Australia
Flexible working arrangements, excellent employee benefits & unparalleled growth opportunities
We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve.

About You

You are an analytical thinker, with capability of breaking information into component parts, patterns, and relationships & with a passion to understand customer behaviour and its links to commercial outcomes. You will have strong experience in interpreting data and deriving actionable insights to make recommendations for commercial strategies. You are a critical thinker who is able to adapt to new situations, and know-how to maximise value, sometimes, with limited information and inputs.

You will have:


A minimum of 1-2 years experience in relevant roles e.g analyst, category executive, sales analyst, account executive - Required
Confident communicator and storyteller; with strong visualisation, verbal, and written skills - Required
Advanced Excel functions e.g. pivot tables, formulas, and conditional formatting; with basic SQL skills a plus
Bachelor Degree in Business, Marketing, Finance or related subject or equal professional experience - Desirable
Understands the FMCG industry and commercial processes of Woolworths and Suppliers - Desirable

If you share our customer-first culture and enjoy influencing stakeholders, & meet a number of requirements (and not all), we encourage you to submit your application #work180

Apply via www.wowcareers.com.au or alternatively connect with us on Linkedin for further information


Grow with the Group


Woolworths Group has announced it will be requiring Australian team members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (subject to medical and religious exemptions).


As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.


We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage. We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.


As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference.


We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.


We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other.


We’d love to hear from You


If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn or via www.wowcareers.com.au . #LI #work180.


Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
47,"Job Number: 506181
Work type: Full Time
Location: Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne
Categories: Digital, Data & Analytics
Hello. We’re Virgin Australia. And we’re back (in a big way).
We’re the airline that’s always done things a little different. Our way. The Virgin way. For us, flying is so much more than simply taking off and landing (although we understand that is quite important). It’s about going the extra mile, in the air and on the ground, to create authentic experiences that put our guests firmly at the heart of everything we do.
About the role:
The objective of the Senior Digital Data Analyst role is to take a leading role in driving the digital analytics team's implementation needs, conducting analysis into online customer behaviour, surfacing insight to inform digital decision-making, and working with the Group Digital Analytics Manager to co-drive the digital data strategy.
We play an integral role in driving digital transformation through intelligent use of digital customer .data. We look after analytics implementation, conduct deep-drive behavioural analysis into the digital customer journey, and produce reporting across the digital product portfolio as well as marketing campaign performance. We also play a key role in the operationalising of the organisations new Customer Data Platform, as well as driving the analytics for our new enterprise Test & Learn program.
What you’ll be doing:
Work with the digital product teams and our Martech agency to deploy tagging and analytics configuration
Build comprehensive reporting dashboards based on analytics tagging that you have helped to configure and deploy
Ensure end-to-end user tracking is in place from offsite through to onsite/conversion
Take a leading role in driving personalisation-based analytics once the platform is fully operational
Surface insight and data to inform digital experience design and strategy, as well feeding into executive reports/updates
Ensure seamless data flow between our digital assets and the CDP
You’ll be great in this role if you have:
A data driven background, with strong experience in using web analytics tools to analyse the customer journey online and identify
opportunities for improvement
Hands on experience in data and analytics roles
Experience in Adobe Experience Cloud, Adobe Analytics, TeliumIQ and PowerBI
Strong Digital Analytics tool skills across web and app
Working knowledge of data layers and how these map to front-end digital reporting tools such as Adobe Analytics
What you’ll get from us
We’re committed to looking after you, with some of the best benefits and conditions in the industry – including (but not limited to)
Heavily discounted air travel for you and your loved ones (including $1000 worth of travel credits per year)
Flexible working arrangements (including work hours and work from home)
Discounts on travel insurance, car hire, accommodation and experiences worldwide
Discounted Virgin Australia Lounge membership
Hospitality, retail, technology, beauty services and wellness discounts
Wellness support, including the betterme digital wellbeing platform
A comprehensive Employee Assistance Program, which offers confidential coaching and support from qualified professionals for all aspects of life – physical, mental, social and financial
Dress for Your Day – enjoy the freedom to wear whatever is appropriate for the type of work you do and the day you have ahead of you
Equality rules
We’re all individuals. We love that. That’s why we encourage applications from Indigenous Australians, people with disability, those from diverse cultural backgrounds, our friends in the LGBTQI+ community, and anyone else who wants to join our family.
COVID-19
The safety and security of our people, guests and operations come first. Always. That’s why we’ve put together a comprehensive ‘Mandatory COVID-19 Vaccination Policy’. In a nutshell, to work with us, you’ll need to comply with our (and the airport’s) rules and regulations. And be fully vaxxed.
Ready to apply?
We’re ready to hear from you. Apply now.
Advertised: 05 May 2022 E. Australia Standard Time
Applications close:"
48,"Analyse, evaluate and report on customer behaviour, market conditions and competitor performance
Support & own the development and iteration of collateral and GTM tools.
Collaborate with marcomms to support the development of personalised customer communication
We're REA
An Australian start-up success story we're quietly proud of.
From a garage in Melbourne to the global stage is an achievement we're humbled by. Our idea to put pictures of houses on the internet has blossomed since 1995, and we now have businesses across Australia, Asia, India and North America.
Our purpose is to change the way the world experiences property. No matter where you're at on your property journey, we're here to help on every step - whether that's buying, selling, renting or renovating.
Some of our brands include realestate.com.au, realcommercial.com.au, spacely.com.au, Flatmates.com.au, Proptrack.com, Smartline.com.au and Mortgage Choice.
We’re proud to have been named one of Australia’s Best Workplaces for 2021. This recognition is a great proof point of our unique and special culture. A culture that is driven by our people, our values, and our commitment to making a difference in the community.
What we’re doing
As a Marketing Analyst, you will work within our Customer Analytics & Insights team mostly across our Developer, Commercial and Media lines of business but sometimes supporting Residential. You will analyse customer and market trends to inform product development, support customer relationship, marketing effectiveness.
Working closely with the GTM and Marketing teams to drive marketing effectiveness and capability through the development of customer/market/competitor insights. Your mission is to help us reimagine the way we provide insights, while supporting the day-to-day activities of the broader team
While no two days are ever the same, you’ll:
Look after the delivery of analytics & reporting to meet marketing & product needs and drive strategic decision making
Analyse, evaluate and report on customer behaviour, market conditions and competitor performance to identify opportunities and support the development of business strategies.
Support the development of Customer and Market segmentation models to enhance sales/marketing/product strategies, identify business opportunities and to enhance customer behavioural communications and customer targeting
Collaborate with marketing comms to support the development of personalised/tailored customer communications and messaging through behaviour profiling
Support & own the development and iteration of collateral and GTM tools such as Sales Preso. Responsible for sourcing data and supporting design and development.
Support the improvement and utilisation of key customer information and marketing databases e.g. Sales Force, Principle Database, etc to enhance direct to customer communications capability
Who we’re looking for:
A relationship builder, someone who can work closely with key stakeholders
Looks at tricky situations through a solutions-focused lens
Proven track record in developing and delivering commercial business outcomes
Someone who has strong technical capability & knowledge in ETL, Tableau, Excel, Tableau & SQL
First class communication – written, verbal and presenting skills
Someone who is proactive, curious, a relationship builder and has strong influencing skills
Ability to collaborate in a complex, fast paced business
3+ Years experience in Data & Analytics
An analytical mindset and approach
But we don’t just look for someone based on their skills and expertise. It’s our connection, acceptance and genuine care for each other that makes REA a great place to work. That means you also need to be:

Savvy minded and have the ability to think a little left of field / outside the box
A strong and creative communicator
Friendly, approachable and have good relationship management skills
An avid supporter of our fully inclusive culture - we celebrate difference and ensure that everyone belongs
The REA experience
The physical, mental, emotional and financial health of our people is something we’ll never stop caring about. This is a place to learn and grow. We’re committed to your development – both professionally and personally. Your experience with us is something we take seriously.

We offer:
Because We Care program which includes volunteer leave and community grants, to ensure you have the opportunity to give back to your community
Hack Days so you can bring your big ideas to life
An additional day of leave just for your birthday
A flexible working environment meaning we strike the balance of what you need and what works for the business (and yes, our leaders fully understand the flexible working policy)
A hybrid approach to the future of work -
https://www.rea-group.com/blog/the-way-we-work-at-rea-a-hybrid-approach/
Free breakfast (and who doesn’t love a free brekkie)
Industry leading gender-neutral parental leave

Oh, and by the way:
At REA we value diversity and inclusion in all forms. Gender, religion, ethnicity, LBTGIQ+, neurodiversity and so much more. Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of the criteria, women and other marginalized folks tend to only apply when they check every box. So if you've got the must-haves, dedication and enthusiasm to learn but don't necessarily meet every single point on the job description, please still get in touch. We'd love to have a chat and see if you could be a great fit.
If you like the sound of us, then we think you should apply today. We're proud to be Circle Back Initiative Employer and we commit to respond to every applicant. While we're looking at your application, and preparing to come back to you with an update, why not get to know us a bit more through our various social channels?"
49,"See yourself being part of a large, transformational change? This could be the role for you!

Who We Are:
At Iress, we believe technology should help people perform better every day. Since our beginning in 1993, people across financial services have trusted us to take their performance to the next level. From the world’s most established financial brands to new and disruptive players, we help improve every aspect of our clients’ businesses so that they can work better, every day. Iress is one of Australia’s largest technology companies and employs more than 2,300 people across Australia, United Kingdom, Africa, Canada, France, New Zealand and Asia.

The Role:
As the Finance Analyst, the financial control responsibilities will include delivering high quality, timely and insightful reporting to meet both the monthly reporting requirements and full/half year audits. This will include both internal and external reporting. Part of this role will also include supporting the Lead Business Partner and operational management of the APAC Advice and Trading business, to support the formulation and implementation of strategy, and deliver insight and data to support decision making and the achievement of financial targets.

What you will be doing:
Supporting end-to-end delivery of month end, including posting and reviewing journals, ledger/sub-ledger reconciliations, delivery of reporting packs to business partners, reporting to executives/board members, revenue reporting into local executive team
Completing the annual/half year audit for group and statutory entities, and relationship management with external auditors on all deliverables
Supporting the delivery of monthly financial insight and data to support decision making and the achievement of financial goals
Assisting the delivery of annual budgets, quarterly forecasts and 5 year financial projections
Be the subject matter expert for all systems infrastructure change management and adoption associated with the area

What you will need:
Qualified CPA/CA certificate
Previous experience in financial control - ability to post general ledger journals and to understand the drivers
Strong technical accounting skills, with an ability to apply accounting standard knowledge to real issues
Advanced computer literacy in Microsoft products, particularly Excel. Experience in Netsuite and Adaptive Insights is an advantage
Willingness to challenge and question existing practices and drive improvement
Able to illustrate well-developed problem solving skills

Why work with us?
6 paid days per year to extend your weekends
State-of-the-art offices
Equity grants for our top 25% performers
Annual Profit Share when Iress meets its annual profit targets
Access to learning and development programs through Udemy
3 days’ leave per year for charity initiatives
Global 36-hour hackathon
Starting school leave - 8.5 days of leave to assist your kids with the transition to school
Discounted health insurance premiums
Up to 26 weeks’ paid parental leave for primary carers (up to 4 weeks for secondary carers), and the ability to work part-time when returning to work.

Employment Type
Employee
Time Type
Full time"
50,"Location:
Sydney Olympic Park, New South Wales


Job Type:
Contract


Specialisation:
Commercial


Salary:
AU$700 - AU$800 per day


Reference:
CR/011187_1651038760


Our client, a Sydney Olympic Park based organisation, is looking for a BI Reporting Analyst.
About the role
Create reports and dashboards
Engage with stakeholder of different levels
Create documentations and presentations
Skills and experience
3+ years' experience as a Reporting or Data Analyst
Advanced BI knowledge
Hands-on with PowerBI
Very good communication and stakeholder management skills
What's on offer
12 months' engagement
Hybrid work, with 1-2 days/week in the office
Up to $800 inc super per day or fix-term salary
What's next
If you would like to be considered, please click the apply button or call Julia Leung on 02 8243 6808.
Who we are
FinXL IT Professional Services is an established, innovative Australian company, providing technology enabled business solutions and consulting services across a number of industries. These include; Government, Telecommunications, Commercial and Finance. We currently have more than 1200 consultants assisting our clients across Australia and are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. Through the delivery of services and implementation of new systems, processes and technology, we assist our clients to gain competitive advantage and reach new heights."
