,0
0,"About us

Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL) and its subsidiary company Dyno Nobel, is a ASX 100 global leader in the resources and agricultural sectors with an unrelenting focus on Zero Harm. With a diverse leadership, we add value for our customers through manufacturing excellence, innovation, and world class services.

We provide ground-breaking solutions through practical innovation in the mining services and agriculture industry. The group comprises more than 5,000 people across the sales, commercial operations, and manufacturing footprint globally, including the key mining markets in North America, Asia Pacific, South Africa and South America.

The role

We're looking for someone who can oversee and progress environmental reporting across IPL's global operations in the areas of greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water, and waste. One of the most critical aspects of this will be ensuring compliance with all Australian carbon emissions regulatory requirements.

Key Accountabilities:
Collect, analyse, prepare, and present precise and meaningful environmental sustainability data for use by internal and external stakeholders, including managing IPL’s global data base and collection systems, and external audits. Ensure continuous improvements in monitoring parameters and system requirements to enable environmental sustainability reporting to remain in line with business and stakeholder requirements.

Prepare environmental reporting including reporting for external compliance and investor reports (e.g., NGER, ERF, CDP Climate Change Reports, NPI, etc) and internal sustainability reporting needs (e.g., business tenders, group sustainability report etc).

Manage external audits and drive continuous improvements to the global sustainability reporting platform (Cintellate by SAI Global) including data collection, upload, extracts and updates.

About you:
You'll be driven by a desire for precision and attention to detail, and you'll question data if it doesn't appear to be correct. To do this well, you'll need to have a background in environmental science, sustainability, energy, water and waste, and/or greenhouse gas generation . This position entails data management, data analysis, data entry and audit management, as well as interacting with a range of data owners globally to ensure that the data collected is correct..

Benefits to you

We are a team based on trust, collaboration and respect

An attractive salary package is offered

Flexible working conditions

Salary packaging options

Confidential employee assistance program

Mental Health and Well-being program

Options to purchase annual leave

Discounted corporate health plans

A little more about us

At the heart of Incitec Pivot and Dyno Nobel’s culture is business excellence and we seek like-minded individuals who treat the business as their own and who strive to challenge and improve the status quo, focusing on improving productivity whilst maintaining zero harm for everyone, everywhere.

The culture of safety is paramount, and you will play an integral part in promoting Health Safety & Environment (HSE) procedures to ensure Zero Harm at all times. You will also be familiar with modern safety practices as well as have the ability to pass a pre-employment medical assessment (including a drug and alcohol screen).

IPL is committed to building an inclusive and accessible organisation through the development of a culture that embraces diversity, improves organisational engagement and allows our employees to reach their full potential. IPL values the range of perspectives, experience and skills that a diverse and inclusive workforce brings to the organisation and, through this contribution, strengthens the Company.

' Candidates may be required to provide evidence of their COVID-19 vaccination status depending on government and customer requirements (role/location dependent).'"
1,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

EY is the only professional services firm with a separate business unit (“FSO”) that is dedicated to the financial services marketplace. Our FSO teams have been at the forefront of every event that has reshaped and redefined the financial services industry. If you have a passion for rallying together to solve the most complex challenges in the financial services industry, come join our dynamic FSO team!

The opportunity

We are growing our Data & Analytics team in FSO and now is an exciting time to join us on this journey. We are looking for people to join our diverse team who are passionate about technology & data with financial services experience. If you are a Consultant at the start of your career through to Director looking for your next role across the whole breadth and depth of Data & Analytics from next generation solution architecture, large scale data and technology delivery through to data risk, controls and governance, we would love to talk you. These opportunities are in Sydney and Melbourne.

You could be:

Working on a team to help our clients to find solutions to their most complex business challenges
Using your energy, enthusiasm and storytelling skills to convey the big idea to our client and our leadership while not forgetting the important details
Use critical thinking and problem-solving skills to design and develop cutting edge Data & Analytics solutions
Designing, building and implementing some of the largest data and cloud solutions in the market
Collaborating with your team and clients to develop the data & analytics strategy of tomorrow, today
Cross Pollinating with other EY competencies and teams such as business domain SMEs, technology teams including Cyber, Digital and Emerging tech to deliver large scale client transformations
Helping us grow a DnA FSO that is inclusive and diverse and that builds a better working world for our people

We are looking for team members to join us who are interested in any of the roles below:

Data Engineering and Development
Data Architects
Cloud Architects
Data Modellers
Data Regulatory & Controls Experts
Data Governance
Data Operations & Data Management
Technical Business Analysis & Data Analysis

Skills and attributes for success

Passionate about solving big complex problems using data and technology
Working with diverse and inclusive teams of talented people solving client issues
Financial Services experience (either industry or consulting and appropriate to your level)

We would love to talk to you if you want to hear more about a career in consulting or are considering a move back after taking a break from consulting or your career.

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary for Consultant is $90,000 including 10.0% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
2,"How will I help?
We have an exciting opportunity for Data Analyst role.
The Remediation Data Analyst sits within Consumer Bank’s Financial Crime Delivery unit which supports a multi-year Financial Crime project with a goal of uplifting customers to current AML/CTF standards. You will work closely with project delivery, financial crime stakeholders and marketing partners on customer targeted initiatives.
Your responsibilities will include:
Extracting, manipulating & analysing data for customer communications using Teradata SQL, together with running in-house campaign management tools
Develop a detailed understanding of the Westpac databases, data structures and core analytical procedures
Present results to various stakeholders of data points, campaign design and campaign execution
Develop and present new options or opportunities for clients to leverage the data and capabilities of Data Analytics
Performing 'QA' for team analysts
What is in it for me?
We’re going through significant change and this is an opportunity to work closely with our new Lines of Business to lead the business through the next phase of transformation. You’ll play a significant part of the future of a business that has been around for over 200 years. So, we’ll back you in the development of your career, and flexible working. You’ll also keep learning to grow, backed by a fantastic team of people within a can-do, supportive structure.
What do I need?
We' d expect you to have extensive knowledge of data discovery, extraction and analysis from large customer bases using SAS applications, SQL and advanced Excel. Experience with Tableau or other similar Data Visualisation tools is desirable. You will have proven business acumen and the ability to turn quantitative and qualitative analysis into business insights, opportunities and solutions. You will also bring a problem-solving mindset, along with exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills. Financial services industry and/or Direct Marketing or Lead Management experiences are highly desirable.
What is it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team of people who love helping others succeed. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created a culture and work environment that values diversity and flexibility – and champions inclusion.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy , and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
3,"About the role
You will join the Business Services Division, Central Team and provide data analyst skills to various departments to cover key transformation and digitalisation projects. The team provides data strategy, architecture, analysis, and data visualisation resources. You will play a key role in supporting our Product Owners, speaking to business customers, identify business problems and build innovative insights from data. You will operate across diverse data sets and business problems including workplaces and corporate real estate, procurement services, operational resilience, supplier risk and NetZero sustainability projects
Work with business customers to define and capture questions, problems, and requirements
Translate requirements to data engineers to source data and collate for analysis
Build queries and models to look for insights to answer business questions
Document and explain to non-data experts how to use and interpret data
Design and create KPIs and visualisations in Power BI


About you
You will have a good understanding of data management principles and best practice
Highly proficient in data modelling, warehousing, and analysis
PowerBI expertise
Able to translate complex logic to non-technical business users and tell stories with data
Customer centric with a human centred design focus
Have a good understanding of designing and developing visualisations and reports (preferably using Power BI)
Curious and business outcome focused with an ability to break down a complex problem and work out how to solve it
Evidence of numerical and technical aptitude
Proactive and have great communication and stakeholder management skills
A natural collaborator with a learning mindset, happy to share knowledge and learn from others.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-963143
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Business Services
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 17/2/2022"
4,"YOUR IMPACT
Are you passionate about research and generating investment ideas? We’re looking for a professional to join our Australia SMID team in Sydney, to develop valuable insights and investment ideas for our clients.
OUR IMPACT
From macroeconomic forecasts to individual stock analysis, our team develops tools and insights to help shape investment strategies for clients and the firm. Our analysts work on client-focused research in the equity, fixed-income, currency, and commodities markets, mining big data that enters markets around the world each day to identify game-changing insights. You’ll be part of a team that is intellectually curious, creative, analytical, and passionate about performing market research.
JOB SUMMARY
The successful candidate would be working in the Australia SMID (Small/Mid-cap) team to analyze companies across a range of sub-sectors in industrial, consumer, technology and food/agriculture sectors.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Building strong industry knowledge across a broad range of sub-sectors of SMID companies
Building, maintaining and updating company and industry models
Analyzing market share, macro trend, and cross company and sub sector data analysis
Interpreting data and perform analysis on market, economic and technology trends
Assisting in compilation and writing of thematic sector and company research reports and investment recommendations for our clients
Responding to ad hoc requests from clients, sales and traders
Developing relationships with internal and external clients including company Investor Relations departments, and handling requests for information from clients and other Goldman Sachs divisions
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
1-3 years relevant work experience in investment research, comparable business/financial/consulting experience preferred.
Experience in covering stocks preferred, but not necessary.
Strong quantitative, analytical and technical skills - experience in Excel and working with financial models
Working knowledge of accounting, finance, and valuation
Meticulous attention to detail, strong analytical and organizational skills
Natural curiosity, critical thinking, logical thinking
Demonstrated ability to think laterally and exercise good judgment
Ability to multi-task and work with numerous teams
Strong communication and interpersonal skills - both verbal and written in English
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.
We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firm wide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.
We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Job Type: Full-time"
5,"Job Description

You will be working in a tight-knit analytics team in a startup environment experiencing explosive growth, you will be working on surfacing insight in our consumer healthcare businesses Pilot, Kin, Software and Normal.
The overarching goal of the Data Analytics team is to
Ensure the efficient allocation of capital in every aspect of the business - this means surfacing the relevant information to the relevant people at the relevant time to increase the quality of decision making
As a Senior Data Analyst at Eucalyptus you should:
Be interested in thinking about the data required to answer business questions from various stakeholders.
Be resourceful in how you procure and transform that information.
Have the ability to communicate the findings (if any).
Be a key architectural voice in designing and building a scalable business processes for a multi-asset multi-brand platform.
Be interested in formulating questions that tackle large problems and then break down those problems into their component parts (consulting skillset).
Work closely with product and design, as well as marketing, content, and operations to develop the best information processes.
Experience required
Need to have work rights in Australia and available for work in Sydney
Recent experience in predictive analytics
Recent and extensive experience in analysing and transforming data Excel, Python, R, PostgreSQL.
Recent and extensive experience in visualizing and presenting findings Tableau, Data Studio, Metabase, Javascript
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Experience with building reusable components across multiple applications and code bases
Ideally 3+ years experience in a similar role


Additional Information

Why join Eucalyptus?
We’ve grown from 0 to 200,000 patients
We’ve grown from 0 to 5 brands
We’ve grown from 4 to 200 people

All in just 3 years!
We are building the future of accessible, patient-centric healthcare right here in Australia and we want you to be part of this generational story!
We are backed by some of the best VCs in the world and Blackbird, who invested in us, put us among the fastest-growing companies they have ever funded.
What do we do, exactly?
Our mission is to build the future of healthcare and help people live longer, healthier lives.
We have built a bespoke technology platform to deliver healthcare to Australians with a level of care and depth that brings healthcare into the internet age and we are just getting started.
We work with doctors, specialists, pharmacists, and medical professionals from all over the country, and our brands (Pilot, Kin, Software, Normal, and Juniper) speak to different people at different stages of their life and needs. For example, our most recent brand, Juniper, is changing the conversation around menopause.
How do we work?
Things move quickly here.
We like to set goals with the mindset that if we hit them all we haven’t challenged ourselves enough. You’ll be surrounded by a world-class team of thinkers, designers, engineers and leaders who are obsessed with three things:
The health and wellbeing of the average person
Creating personalised, engaging, convenient user-experiences
Making healthcare fun and interesting (because it is)
We are experienced business builders, our roots and talent run deep in the DTC and technology space. We believe too many chefs spoil the broth and people are given the freedom to make decisions (and mistakes), and learn from the journey. Ultimately, we believe ideas are cheap and great execution is more important than anything.
Why you'll thrive here
Here are the highlights:
Come and experience the growth at one of the fastest growing startups (LinkedIn #5 fastest growing startups in Australia) while we are still small (~200 people).
Push yourself with challenges that are world-first, unique and exhilarating.
See the meaningful impact of your work on over tens of thousands of actual users (check out the customers that love us!)
Learn from some of Australia’s best marketers, engineers, creatives, operations specialists, and medical professionals - joining a diverse team from Atlassian, Canva, Google, Koala, McKinsey, Bain, BuzzFeed, Optiver, Halter and many many more.
A share in the company (equity), so you are rewarded for your best work.
And also it goes without saying: flexible location work arrangements, WFH allowances, parental leave, gym benefits, employee discounts, social clubs sponsorships, uncapped learning and development budgets for all of our staff.
Life is too short to not be curious"
6,"You will be partnering with a range of stakeholders within Macquarie, as you own and deliver exciting analytical projects across both Financial Crime and Fraud.
You will work in a fast-paced, agile environment full of complex challenges, whilst using technology to drive business and operational decisions.
In this role, you will be:
owning and delivering analytics projects and automated data solutions across both Financial Crime and Fraud.
develop insightful metrics and create dashboards to visualize fraud data and trends.
create appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the analysis.
manage multiple projects, BAU and ad-hoc activities across the team.
drive business impact by working collaboratively across a variety of working groups in an agile work environment to deliver outcomes in a timely manner.
To excel in this role, you will have:
To succeed in this role, you will ideally have 1-3 years’ experience in business intelligence or analytics.
You will have an analytical, curious mind and be passionate about using technology to drive business and operational decisions. You are comfortable in a fast-paced, agile environment full of complex technical and business challenges.
Extensive knowledge of SQL plus commercial experience with at least one of the following technologies: Tableau/Power BI, Alteryx/Talend, R/Python.
You will be able to use your communication and presentation skills to talk about projects that you have tackled with these tools.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-959698
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Chelsea Hollins
Opening Date: 15/5/2022"
7,"Policy, Analysis and Legislation, Revenue Analysis
Canberra
Ongoing/non-ongoing, full-time/part-time, $79,880 - $84,682 + 15.4% super
We are seeking professionals to join our Revenue Analysis Branch (RAB).

As a Revenue Analyst in our Policy, Analysis and Legislation business area, you’ll undertake research and data analysis activities relating to forecasting and reporting on revenue collections, administered expenses, policy costing, compliance costs, and management of tax data.

You’ll assist in the preparation of taxation data and statistics for release, publication or inclusion in Parliamentary or other briefings.

You’ll apply your understanding of issues associated with revenue and expense forecasting and budget preparation to provide tailored advice to various partners.

These roles may be offered on an ongoing or non-ongoing basis in Canberra."
8,"At Google, we have a vision of empowerment and equitable opportunity for all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and commit to building reconciliation through Google’s technology, platforms and people and we welcome Indigenous applicants. Please see our Reconciliation Action Plan for more information.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sydney NSW, Australia; Melbourne VIC, Australia.
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience in data engineering/analytics/science solutions for enterprise B2B software.
Experience as a pre-sales solutions architect/specialist sales engineer in a technology company that specializes in modern data and analytics solutions.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience in technical selling role/field, such as analyst, data engineer, data scientist, machine learning engineer, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data engineering and integration solutions, such as ELT/ETL, CDC, Stream/Batch/Unified Processing, Unified Data Warehouse/Lake Architectures, Distributed SQL Engines/Federated Queries, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced data governance solutions, such as Data Catalog, Data Quality Management, Master Data Management, Data Leakage Prevention products, etc.
Experience in solutioning advanced AI/ML or data productivity suite of products, such as EDA, Model Build, Deployment, Industry focused AI Toolboxes (i.e., Retail, Manufacturing, Healthcare, etc.), etc.
About the job
The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and build what's next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. Our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will play a key role in understanding the needs of our customers and help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.
Partner Engineering at Google Cloud Platform is responsible for ensuring customers benefit from partner solutions complementing Google Cloud's capabilities. In this role, you will work with solution architects and sales teams as a security subject matter expert for a partner solution to make Google Cloud useful to our customers. You will help prospective customers understand the power of the partner solution in conjunction with Google Cloud, explaining technical features, helping customers design architectures, and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.
Google Cloud accelerates organizations’ ability to digitally transform their business with the best infrastructure, platform, industry solutions and expertise. We deliver enterprise-grade solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology – all on the cleanest cloud in the industry. Customers in more than 200 countries and territories turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Help Sales and Google Cloud Architect teams understand the core value proposition for the security partner or solution.
Help the Sales and Solution Architects identify the right personas and segments of customers for the security partner or solution.
Help our data and analytics partners create solution plays, and complete guides for the Sales team and the Solution Architects to help them pitch and architect the solution.
Operate systematically and at scale by working with a Program Management team to identify prospective existing and new accounts in the territory, organizing them by industry segment, and creating applicability criteria of a given partner solution and an execution plan.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form."
