,0
0,"Banking Products include home loans, commercial loans, car loans, credit cards and deposits across the Personal Banking and Business Banking channels. Within Product & Technology, we are proud of our culture of diversity & inclusion and high performance. We have a strong focus on meeting community expectations and making risk-conscious and data-based decisions. In line with our entrepreneurial and innovative culture, we adopt Enterprise Agile ways of working and embrace a growth and learning mindset.
In this role, your key responsibilities will include supporting:
delivery of an ongoing program, in partnership with business stakeholders, to reshape our approach to the ongoing management of risks and controls by:
understanding products across end-to-end product value chains
evaluating risks, and control environment effectiveness
diagnosing the suitability of our control environment and identifying weaknesses or potential uplifts
developing a risk-based approach to resolving identified opportunities
provide advice to the business on various topics, including the safe implementation of business change, changes to the risk environment and control development.
contribute to the development of an ongoing monitoring framework for value chains (risk profiles) across all Banking Products
improving stakeholder visibility, awareness and understanding of the risk and control environment in place to support their business
creation, maintenance, continuous improvement, and governance over the approach to ensure consistency and the implementation of best practice
To be successful in this role you will have demonstrated:
a practical understanding of the implementation of risk and control frameworks to manage non-financial risks in highly regulated contexts
a proactive and pragmatic approach with a strong bias to action, and an ability to engage and manage multiple stakeholders and promote a strong risk culture while balancing competing priorities
an ability to effectively challenge the business, role modelling a mindset of “chronic unease” and customer outcomes focus
clear and transparent communication skills
Ability to prioritise tasks and meet deadlines


About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers, and business clients


Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders, and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.

We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-965117
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Data & Analytics, Technology
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Chelsea Hollins
Opening Date: 18/5/2022"
1,"Job Code: FINBA
Qualification (Educational): Qualified Chartered Accountant or Certified Public Accountant or equivalent degree.
Location Country: Australia & New Zealand
Years of Experience: 5-10 Years
Skill Sets Required:


Qualified Chartered Accountant or Certified Public Accountant or equivalent degree.
Dynamic self-driven achiever having in depth understanding of the financials.
Should have Business Analysis and Solutioning Skills.
Experience in handling end to end ERP implementation within Australia covering General Ledger Accounts Payable Receivables and Fixed Assets Modules.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Roles & Responsibilities:


Collect requirements, analyze businesses and execute process workshops.
Interact with teams of developers offshore teams then monitor and tune performances.
Identify develop and integrate Ramco ERP solution to meet predefined requirements interacting with clients sales and technical consultants.
Participate in all ERP implementation steps as assigned.
Prepare necessary project documentations associated with implementation like manuals, customer query data, issue logs and their resolution.
Identify and develop business processes and demonstrate good report writing skills.
Develop and enforce collaborative working relationships with customers.
Lead process reviews and application configuration discussions with clients."
2,"Billings Analyst/Revenue Accountant
$80,000 + Bonus + Super + Excellent progression - be the next Finance Manager!
Next to Central Station - Brand new offices/ WFH flexibility & Great Benefits!
Switched on Accountant looking to work for a leading tech company with strong Excel & analysis skills then this is the job for you!
Use your analytical skills to think outside the box, identify process improvements and analyse data across billings and revenue accounting.
THE CLIENT
My client is a fast growing business & currently one of biggest Australian owned organisations specialising in technology and providing cutting edge products to their clients. The company has great values and is determined to create a great working environment for its staff with an extremely low staff turnover and awarded 4th best company to work in their sector! State of the art recently renovated modern offices, with break out zones, table tennis, flexible hybrid working and relaxed dress code!
BENEFITS
WFH flexibility - 3 days work from home/ maximum 1-2 days in the office!
Voted 4th best company to work for!
Modern offices - Newly renovated, brand new offices with table tennis!
Convenient location - next to Central station
Discounted and cheap IT products
Discounts at different stores
Ability to buy extended leaves
Extended Parental leave
Fun, vibrant & agile working environment
Paid CPA annual membership and free study leave for exams, as well as CPA qualified mentorship support!
THE ROLE
Managing billing including data manipulation, raising/sending invoices liaising with stakeholders
Revenue accounting and reporting
Data analysis and reporting on billing and billing trends
Reconciliation of revenue balance accounts
Responding to complex billing queries, problem solving
Process improvements, streamline efficiencies
Balance Sheet and P&L
Assist in preparation of year end and Audit
THE PERSON
3-5+ years accounting experience.
Highly competent with Excel and data manipulation
Previous experience managing billing for a services organisation
Ambitious and drive to progress your career
To be able to analyse, think outside the box, problem solve
High level of communication skills - oral and written with the confidence to liaise with clients
Desirable - completed or working towards CPA, NetSuite experience
If you have the skills required, please apply now, or contact Gina Morley at AccountAbility on 02 8296 5321 for further information."
3,"Job no: 512974
Work type: Permanent - Full Time
Location: VIC

Permanent - Full time position – Dandenong South, VIC
Competitive salary package
A leader in sustainability and renewable resources
Who we are
When you start to think of waste as a resource, it opens a world of possibilities. Cleanaway is the largest waste management company in Australia providing sustainable waste management solutions to a range of customers including councils, small businesses, large corporate entities and government agencies to provide sustainable waste management solutions.
Your new role
Analyse data to identify quality gaps and areas for improvement.
Implement reporting processes to track data quality improvements over time.
Develop / coordinate and implement monthly audit action plans and monitor their progress.
Manage the Master Price Files for “national” customers including up-rate process.
Establish customers in operating systems, reporting and analysis of sales report.
Your skills and experience
Excellent attention to detail.
Ability to organize, coordinate, and execute on details.
Ability to effectively manage data quality.
Knowledge of Information Technology principles.
Expert knowledge of and experience in VRP.
What we offer
Competitive Salary Package
Learning and development opportunities
Scope for growth within the business
Support from a strong network of business partners
Employee share program
Great staff benefits program including novated car leasing and salary sacrificing on work-related purchases, discounts on private health insurance and more
How to apply
Cleanaway is an employer of equal opportunity and encourages and values diversity and inclusion. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply. If this sounds like the opportunity you’ve been waiting for, please forward your resume and cover letter by clicking Apply.
https://www.cleanaway.com.au/
Advertised: 26 Apr 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 25 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
4,"Chevron is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and has been present in Australia for more than 70 years. Chevron Australia operates the Gorgon and Wheatstone natural gas projects; manages an equal one-sixth interest in the North West Shelf Venture; operates Australia’s largest onshore oilfield on Barrow Island; and delivers quality fuel products and services across Australia via Puma Energy.

At Chevron Australia, we’re powered by the talent and ingenuity of our people. Experience opportunity, challenge and fulfillment within a diverse and inclusive workplace and be part of providing the energy that powers the world forward.
about the role
Chevron Australia has an exciting opportunity for a Financial Analyst to join the Barrow Island (BWI) Operations Finance team. Reporting to the BWI Finance Manager, the role will be based in Perth.
The Finance Analyst will lead and oversee activities related to the establishment of finance policies and controls as well as general administration, and performance improvement. The role will also provide operations management with interpretive and predictive financial information to make business performance assessments and capital investment decisions through the use of sensitivity, statistical and cause-and-effect analysis across all Chevron operated assets, namely Gorgon, Wheatstone and WA Oil.
Specifically, some of the role’s duties and responsibilities include:
Partner with Operations teams to drive competitive performance and enhance financial fluency
Provide financial, accounting and costing expertise and advice to Operations stakeholders
Work across the Wheatstone and BWI teams, on the execution and ongoing enhancement of Operations finance processes, stakeholder reporting and other deliverables to ensure they are simple, fit for purpose and results-driven
Analyse expenditure data, cost drivers and trends, to prepare and present insightful reports and analysis
Manage the Operations forecasting process, tools and deliverables
Assist in the preparation of Operations Work Program & Budgets, and load final approved budgets into JDE
Assist in the preparation of presentation material for Operations teams and Joint Venture Participant meetings
Prepare analysis and responses to Joint Venture Participant queries
Support NOJV audit information requests and findings resolution
Assist with collation of benchmarking information and delivery of insights
Seek opportunities to eliminate, standardise, simplify, and automate work scopes including offshoring and utilisation of digital tools
about you
At Chevron Australia, we believe humanity can solve any challenge – including meeting the world’s energy needs of today, while advancing a cleaner energy tomorrow.
We know our greatest resource is the ingenuity, creativity, and innovation of our people. Applications from motivated, talented individuals with a keen interest in the energy industry and the value of health at work are encouraged.
To be considered for the role, the successful applicant needs to have:
Commerce or Accounting degree or similar.
Partially or newly qualified accountant or similar.
Interested in working collaboratively across Finance and Operations teams and building knowledge and capability in LNG Operations and across the LNG business, taking a one team approach
Ability to effectively interact with Finance and non-Finance stakeholders both verbally and in written form.
Ability to analyze data and provide insightful analysis relating financial results to operational events embracing a digital mindset and telling the story behind the numbers
Willing to challenge the status quo and seek out opportunities to continuously improve processes and deliverables.
Ability to work independently and build strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders
Demonstrated commitment to Chevron’s values of integrity, partnership and trust.
what we can offer you
Everything we do at Chevron is guided by our values and our commitment to
The Chevron Way
. At the heart of The Chevron Way is our vision to be the global energy company most admired for its people, partnership, and performance.
Participate in world-leading energy projects, advance your professional development and expand your career within an inclusive, collaborative and high-performing workplace.
Here are just some of the benefits a career at Chevron provides:
A commitment to supporting work-life balance with flexible working arrangements, optional hybrid working model including at home and in-office working, and – where applicable – a compressed working week (nine-day fortnight)
A competitive remuneration package, including bonus scheme and Recognition and Awards program
Health and wellness offerings including gap-free GP services, fitness classes, gym access and mental health support
diversity & inclusion
Chevron Australia values inclusivity and promotes a workplace that actively seeks to welcome contributions from all people. We actively encourage people of all abilities, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, diverse cultures and backgrounds, LGBTIQ+ identities, and all age groups to apply. To be a part of our success, apply now.
how to apply
Applications close at 11:59pm AWST on 31st May 2022.

Click APPLY to submit your application.
Chevron participates in E-Verify in certain locations as required by law."
5,"Join a successful, mature and growing business
Work as part of broader team to deliver client outcomes
Contract Position for 4 Months

About BSA

The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure).

BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.

We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

About the Role

We are looking for enthusiastic people to join our BSA|CUI finance team in the capacity of Claims Data Analyst, based in our Lidcombe office. Reporting to the Accounts Team Manager, the key purpose pf this role is to analyze billing, disputes, providing payment schedules and support with data extraction queries.

Key Responsibilities include:


Producing payment schedule reports for the leadership team
Analyze data and summaries findings in order to produce payment schedules reports including outstanding queries and disputed payments
Having strong technical and analytical skills, business intelligence, and a working knowledge of the billing and recovery management.
Perform revenue conciliation and calculate the applicable recovery
Being able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Maintaining payment schedule register and liaise with relevant team member to finalize the account
Any other tasks as directed by the Management
Uphold BSA Values and Behaviors and take reasonable care to prevent injuries to self and others.
To be a part of the team, we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant area with a minimum 3 years’ experience in working within billing, commercial and finance area.
Advanced Excel skills with high attention to detail and organizational skills
Intermediate proficiency in SQL
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Demonstrated ability to contribute to analytical solutions
Providing support to Management, Internal and External stakeholders
Excellent attendance/punctuality
Solution focused
Previous experience in telecommunication industry would be an advantage but not mandatory.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
6,"Vic, Clayton
Human Resources
11088BR
About us:
Lockheed Martin is a dynamic, growing, and energetic organisation offering stimulating, challenging work at the forefront of technology. Lockheed Martin is a leader in Australia’s National Security, and our collaboration with Australian industry spans the Aeronautics, Maritime, Surveillance and Defence domains. We employ approximately 100,000 staff worldwide, and over 1,000 staff in Australia across multiple locations.

Your responsibilities will include:
As a Compensation Analyst you will support the Compensation Lead and Head of Rewards for Asia Pacific in the delivery of compensation programs and initiatives. T his role will be offered as a 12-month fixed term opportunity, day-to-day duties will include:
Supporting the delivery of annual compensation activities including Pay Reviews, Short Term Incentives, Early Careers and survey and WGEA submissions.
Contributing to ad hoc APAC Reward activities with data, analysis and insights including support to union negotiations.
Managing the internal ANZ Employee Awards annual event.
Providing compensation guidance to HR and key stakeholders across the business.
Preparing and maintaining internal peer and salary data and ad hoc reporting.
About you:
Tertiary qualifications in HR or a business-related discipline, and/or proven experience in a similar role.
Comprehensive numerical, communication and stakeholder management skills.
MS Excel proficiency, an analytical mindset and logical thinking.
Excellent attention to detail with ability to identify and correct errors and anomalies.

Highly desirable/advantageous:
Experience with job mapping and survey submissions.
Exposure to Asia Pacific.
Special Requirements:
Applicants are required to be Australian Citizens and be eligible to hold and maintain a CoA Baseline security clearance. This will depend on location, will be discussed at interview stage.

Employment may be contingent on the satisfactory result of criminal and/or other background screens, which require the collection and transfer of personal information.
What we offer you:
At Lockheed Martin we value our team and the contribution they make every day. We offer rewarding career pathways working on interesting projects that make a difference, continuous professional development and the opportunity to learn from a diverse team of talented individuals.

In return we offer:

Competitive Remuneration.
Training and development will be a big aspect of this position.
Options for genuine work/life flexibility – 8 or 9 day fortnight.
Access to our wellbeing and benefits program including retail discounts, health and wellbeing initiatives and an Employee Assistance Program
Salary packaging for car leasing.


Equal Opportunity Statement
Lockheed Martin supports Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity in the workplace by creating a place of employment that is, harassment free, diverse, fair, ethical, inclusive, and values the contribution of all its employees. Diversity and inclusion are the foundation of our culture and reflect our values of doing what’s right, respecting others and performing with excellence. By leveraging our employees’ unique talents and experiences, we will deliver innovative, affordable solutions and unparalleled customer value.
Vacancy Country
Australia
Vacancy Type
Fixed Term
Employee Type
Full Time
Job Expires
16/06/2022"
7,"Full-time, continuing position with UniSA Business
Based in Adelaide, the most liveable city in Australia and the World’s 3rd most liveable city (EIU 2021)
Commencement Salary $148,600 per annum, plus 17% superannuation



The University of South Australia (UniSA) is Australia’s university of enterprise and is recognised as one of Australia’s leading research and teaching universities in Business and Economics. UniSA Business prepares students for global careers, creating leaders for change whose skills and knowledge shape business, industry and policy. Our research programs are inspired by the contemporary challenges facing Australia and its region, and we share our expertise in modern business practice with partners locally and worldwide.

About the Role

The Associate Professor in Accounting (Data Analytics) is responsible for the leadership, development, delivery and coordination of courses within an area of the Academic Unit’s undergraduate and postgraduate programs. The appointee will also actively contribute to the Academic Unit’s research agenda, ideally with a focus on the application of data analytics in the discipline. Specific responsibilities include:



Provide academic leadership to support the Academic Unit’s teaching and learning initiatives, especially with on-going development of courses
Conduct nationally impactful research and build the research capacity and reputation of UniSA Business, contributing to its international reputation
Attract external funding that includes competitive grant schemes with demonstrated success through national funding councils
Contribute to the leadership of the Academic Unit through mentoring other academic team members and participation in Academic Unit planning and strategic initiatives

Essential Skills and Experience



Relevant doctoral degree with advanced foundational discipline-based research, together with a nationally recognised record of achievement in scholarship and learning, especially as it relates to data analytics in accounting or related fields
Current and relevant knowledge of developments in the discipline informed by continuing scholarship and/or continuing industry engagement
Excellent ability and experience to undertake high quality teaching activities that reflect contemporary pedagogical, student and professional/industry needs and standards
Success establishing research interactions and developing partnerships between academia, government, industry, the community and the profession
Highly developed interpersonal skills and the ability and credibility to communicate with impact

Benefits and Culture

At UniSA you’ll enjoy a dynamic and agile culture where colleagues thrive on collaboration and breaking new ground. A competitive remuneration package, generous superannuation contributions, relocation support and a range of other benefits are available to ensure you enjoy a healthy work/life balance and enviable lifestyle working and living in Adelaide.

How to Apply

For a copy of the position description, further information and to apply visit Working at UniSA. The online application form will list the specific selection criteria that you need to address. Please address your cover letter to Georgie Hart, Recruitment Consultant. For further information confidential enquiries are welcome to Georgie on +618 8302 1700 or by email to recruitment@unisa.edu.au using job reference number 4072.

Applications close: 11.30pm Monday 30 May 2022

#LI-DNI"
8,"Assignment with Federal Government
Location : Canberra
12 months Contract + 12 months extension
About the Organisation
A large federal government department that develops and implements policies and programs to ensure Australia’s industries remain competitive, profitable, and sustainable.

About the role
You will be part of a fast moving; complex area working collaboratively with Analytics Growth section and engage with business experts to deliver data and analytics solutions that improve decision making across the department’s diverse and interesting portfolio. This is a 12-month assignment commencing in first week of July 2022 located in Canberra.

Responsibilities include:

Ability to organise, cleaning data into usable formats and maintain a high integrity of data.
Working in multi-disciplinary teams to deliver data and analytics projects using Agile approaches.
Working with business to understand data requirements, issues and find answers to business questions.
Organising data into usable formats - Assessing data quality and cleaning data.
Delivering robust, user-focused data insights using Power BI, and other BI tools .
Skills and Experience
Applicants with an eligibility to obtain baseline security clearance will be considered for this position.

Experience working within ICT and business systems teams to define/confirm requirements.
Strong data collation, management and analytics skills including an ability to interrogate data sets and identify and synthesise patterns and trends and communicates these in plain English.
Strong communication skills to engage with the business to understand data requirements and issues.
Relevant tertiary qualifications or comparable industry experience.
Demonstrate Statistical analysis, Azure solutions for data analytics, Azure Devops and Power BI skills are desirable
How to apply
If this role is of interest to you and you would like to know more then please don’t hesitate to contact Aureen Vaz | avaz@dfp.com.au | 02 6162 7335.

DFP welcomes applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, people with diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds and people with disability. In addition, DFP will provide reasonable adjustments for individuals with disability throughout the recruitment process. If you identify as a person with disability and require adjustments to the application, recruitment, selection and/or assessment process, please advise via adjustments@dfp.com.au or 1300 337 000 and indicate your preferred method of communication (email, phone, text) so we can keep in touch and meet your accessibility needs.

Note: You may be required to provide evidence of your COVID-19 vaccination status.
JO-2205-481536"
9,"Xero is a beautiful, easy-to-use platform that helps small businesses and their accounting and bookkeeping advisors grow and thrive.

At Xero, our purpose is to make life better for people in small business, their advisors, and communities around the world. This purpose sits at the centre of everything we do. We support our people to do the best work of their lives so that they can help small businesses succeed through better tools, information and connections. Because when they succeed they make a difference, and when millions of small businesses are making a difference, the world is a more beautiful place.

The best teams deserve the best, so whether your preference is working from a #beautiful environment in our brand new Hawthorn HQ office (barista made coffee included) or comfortably at home; Xero is here to support and encourage you through a range of benefits. We love rewarding our people. You’ll feel at home here. It's time to start loving Mondays again!

About the role:

As a Senior Business Analyst within our History & Notes team, you will support product leaders and development teams to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes to Xero’s global audit trail. You’ll join our cross functional team of engineers, product designers and product managers to improve the global audit trail that scales across Xero’s small business product suite.

You will build a deep understanding of our customer and business problems through data driven & technical analysis, translate these insights back to the team, organise work to be done, and contribute towards solutions that solve problems to realise customer and business value.

You’ll do this in a variety of operating modes: early stage research, current state analysis & mapping, collaborating with stakeholders, analysing and synthesising data, and defining requirements.

What you'll do:
Bring your natural curiosity, detailed approach and customer-oriented thinking to everything you do.
Build an understanding of how the product fits into Xero's strategy, objectives and future growth aspirations
Navigate and build networks across Xero to analyse & communicate how the global audit trail product fits together with the wider Xero product suite, considering architectural, technical & data lenses
Perform detailed business analysis to translate the customer & business problems into actionable user stories for the team
Work closely with technical and business stakeholders across Xero to gather and document requirements as features, epics & tasks including dependencies
Work closely with architects and tech leads to understand detailed system design and translate it into stories
Perform analysis (scenario, compliance, customer, data, gap, change, etc) in order to articulate business needs and solution requirements
Produce As Is and To Be Process Maps
Develop process models, data models, business rules, workflows, reporting and other required outputs
Support the Product Manager to manage the backlog to ensure it follows the product roadmap and strategy
Contribute to refining, sizing and estimating the product backlog
Provide support between stages of product development to ensure continuity and cohesiveness, and alignment of product to strategy and roadmap
As a proactive self-starter you’ll identify things that need attention and ensure the development and product leadership team are aware of them ahead of time.
Enjoy investigating and learning how things work; finding answers to help solve customer and business problems and figuring out where to find them
Develop positive and constructive relationships with your wider cross-functional team; including Product, Engineers, Designers, Delivery Coaches, Architects, Data, CX, and external customers
Maintain a strong understanding of the product roadmap for the teams you work with and how they align to Xero’s strategic vision, direction and priorities
Contribute to a fun working environment, living Xero’s values, with a customer-centric focus to achieve great, strategically-aligned outcomes for Xero
How you'll measure success:
You deliver quality insights and recommendations to support product decision making
You work as a liaison among stakeholders in order to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes to the product
You define stories and acceptance criteria that will lead to quality, valuable products being developed, meeting the needs of our customers and aligning to business goals/OKRs
You support activities which lead to clear actions for the team to progress with
The development teams and product stakeholders you work with will hold you in high regard and want to work with you. They value the contribution you make and how you make it.
You communicate clearly and effectively to the development teams and product stakeholders, so that everyone understands the value of each user story that is being delivered
The product backlog is up to date ready for prioritisation, aligned to goals and vision
You are contributing to team OKRs
There are no surprises for any stakeholders because you’ve been proactive in identifying and raising things to be aware of well ahead of time
You’ll be actively working on your personal development plan to either be an even more awesome Business Analyst, or the next steps in your career journey
What you'll bring with you:
Extensive experience as a business analysis within a reasonably complex and technical setting, (preferably SaaS, Fintech or accounting)
Strong analytical skills and evidence-based decision making
Ability to use multiple analysis techniques to interrogate evidence to accurately identify and define problems customer & business problems
Ability to build collaborative relationships at a team level, across different functions in a global environment and influence peers and other stakeholders
Fast learner, detail-oriented who enjoys fast-paced work
Applies product vision and strategy in their own decision making
Integrates data from multiple sources to deliver new insights to the team
An appreciation of data & data flows, formed through problem solving in a data-centric context
Hands on experience with agile processes and principles
Why Xero?

At Xero we support many types of flexible working arrangements that allow you to balance your work, your life and your passions. We offer a great remuneration package including shares plus a range of leave options to suit your well-being. Our work environment encourages continuous improvement and career development and you’ll get to work with the latest technology.

Our collaborative and inclusive culture is one we’re immensely proud of. We know that a diverse workforce is a strength that enables businesses, including ours, to better understand and serve customers, attract top talent and innovate successfully. We are a member of Pride in Diversity, in recognition of our inclusive workplace. So, from the moment you step through our doors, you’ll feel welcome and supported to do the best work of your life.

Xero strongly encourages employees and contractors to be vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to work from a Xero office, or engage in any face-to-face Xero business. Xero will work with anyone who is not vaccinated, or prefers not to disclose their vaccination status, to determine what reasonable accommodations can be provided to ensure their role can be performed safely."
10,"Macquarie is seeking an energetic and experienced Trading Analyst to join its Asian Power, Gas and Emissions team.

Based in Sydney, you will join a team with an active trading, structuring and financing presence across a number of energy and environmental markets in the region including Australia, Japan, New Zealand and Singapore. The team engages in these markets in a number of ways including financial trading and derivatives sales, physical supply and delivery, and value creation for our clients by combining our trading and risk management capabilities to provide innovative solutions. You will have exposure to a fast paced trading desk that is dealing at the forefront of the changing nature of both Australian power and regional carbon markets.

We are looking for a commercially driven individual to join our growing team in an electricity/carbon analyst and execution role. You will have responsibility for analysing market data across electricity and carbon markets, creating pricing models as well as providing support to traders with real-time position keeping, deal recording and trade execution. You will demonstrate the ability to think independently to provide innovative products and solutions to existing and new clients and counterparties, drawing on your experience and interest in global energy markets and the energy transition.

You will demonstrate success in this role through the ability to analyse market data, create models which forecast supply/demand dynamics, support the trading desk operations and possess a strong knowledge of electricity and carbon policies across Australia and New Zealand. This role will suit those with a keen interest in energy and environmental markets, a strong commercial drive and outcome focus, passion for innovating and exploring new markets and opportunities in volatile and dynamic markets in a fast paced setting.

To be successful in the role, ideally you will come with:


3-5 years of experience in the National Electricity Market
Strong commercial acumen, drive and outcome focus
Demonstrated power and carbon trading experience and ability to independently interact with internal and external stakeholders of different seniority
Intellectual curiosity for energy markets and commercial opportunities arising from energy transition
Strong financial literacy including understanding of financial products and derivatives, ability to analyse market data to articulate broader themes and modelling skills in Excel
Demonstrated experience in an analyst/power trading role within the NEM and the development of new opportunities



About Commodities and Global Markets
Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: CGM-964468
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Commodities, Data & Analytics, Trading
Group: Commodities and Global Markets
Division: Commodity Markets and Finance
Recruiter: Reveka Papadopoulos
Opening Date: 13/4/2022"
11,"READY FOR ANYTHING


At IAG, we live and work by our purpose to make your world a safer place. We are motivated by a unique culture that celebrates honesty, creativity, empathy, equity and collaboration. We call it the IAG way, and it means we all share a ‘ready for anything’ mindset that sets the tone for positive actions and positive outcomes. We put heart into everything we do which guides us to create amazing things for our customers, our people and our communities.


We’re brimming with ideas, ambition and a readiness to apply bold thinking and risk awareness to make a difference where it matters most.


As the largest general insurance group in Australia and New Zealand, we own some of the region’s most trusted brands, including NRMA Insurance, CGU, SGIO, SGIC and WFI. We are ready for anything.


We have an exciting opportunity for a Reporting & Governance Analyst to join our team. The purpose of this role is to support the delivery of Decommissioning and Technical Debt services to squads across Technology in accordance with established frameworks. For your role to make a difference, you will work collaboratively with projects, initiatives, remediation and/or continuous improvement activity, acting as a SME providing advice, guidance and deliverables as required.


Key Responsibilities


Enable effective and efficient project delivery through the design, implementation, evolution and management of systems and processes including but not limited to:
Lead the establishment and ongoing maintenance of the Decommissioning Delivery and Technical Debt framework and associated templates, tools and governance
Support maintenance of consolidated project and financials, including Decommissioning forecasts for both costs and benefits
Maintenance and provision of department capacity views
Ensure decom squad compliance with GT/ePMO demand and capacity obligations
Champion Agile and Lean methodologies, and drive a culture of accountability at source, collaboration, and continuous improvement towards a world leading contemporary delivery framework
Support project logistics as required


Skills & Experience


Undergraduate / postgraduate degrees in Science, Engineering, Business or IT qualifications preferred
3 years of demonstrable experience working in a project delivery environment
Demonstrated exposure to varying project delivery methodologies, including Agile or other frameworks
Good understanding use of Jira, Confluence SharePoint, Excel and Microsoft project & project management tools
Good working experience in project management -scope, budget, timeline & stakeholder management
Experience working with technical (application and infrastructure) and business stakeholders


Ready for anything? Let’s talk.


Start your career journey with us Applications close on 3rd of June at 23.59pm.


IAG rewards and recognises its people with generous benefits, career development opportunities and real work-life balance. Employees also enjoy 13% superannuation, up to 50% insurance discounts, flexible work and leave options, generous parental leave and return to work programs, various corporate partner discounts and a people-focused culture that celebrates achievements big and small.


Creating a workforce that actively embraces diversity, inclusion and a sense of belonging is key to our success. We believe in treating everyone fairly which means that inclusion, removing barriers, striving for equity and embracing diversity are woven through our values and behaviours. We encourage applications from all backgrounds and communities and are committed to providing a work environment that enables you to thrive, whatever your circumstances. If we can provide support with access requirements, alternative work arrangements please advise us via your application.


IAG has committed to the reconciliation movement in Australia for First Nations people and focus on providing a safe and supportive work environment for all our employees. More information on our Reconciliation Action Plan can be found on our company website."
12,"See yourself in our team
Technology is responsible for the world leading application of technology across every aspect of CommBank, from innovative product platforms for our customers to essential tools within our business.
Within Technology, the Chief Data and Analytics Office (CDAO) develops the Group’s data strategy, data policy, standards and governance, and provides Data Warehouse and Data Lake platforms, architectures, and enabling technologies. The team also facilitates a wide data analytics community that shares best practices and innovations, and builds data talent and capabilities.
You will work within the Risk Engineering team who are responsible for the revamp and migration of our credit decisioning engine.


Do work that matters
As a Senior Technical Business Analyst, you will provide specialist support for projects and operations by defining business and functional requirements and analyse business needs and requirements to identify opportunities for improvement in business and process.
Core Responsibilities
Convert business needs into functional designs using knowledge of system capabilities, data, rules, and architecture
Identify and manage gaps, determining the effectiveness of proposed solution, facilitate writing user stories with the team and develop Business Requirements documents and models
Work closely with stakeholders and change management to identify impacts to business processes as a result of system or application changes
Evaluate effectiveness of solution delivery (SDLC) tools, processes and methodologies, and make recommendations for continuous improvement
In depth data analysis and help inform business requirements
Work with data analytics and help to optimise and understand large amounts of data
Effectively communicate to stakeholders, manage conflicts, issues, and change to ensure stakeholders and project team members remain in agreement on solution scope.
Skills & Experience
Technical business analysis experience in banking/financial services domain
Strong SQL, data analysis skills. Ability to render analysis to business stakeholders
Ability to write requirements, user stories and use SQL in database management systems
Demonstrated experience for data/interface mapping and system integration
Strong communication skills required to comfortably deal with, manage and influence stakeholders
Demonstrated Agile experience working in large, complex teams.
If you have the above skill, experience and passion, we would love to hear from you! Apply today.
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority. This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 03/06/2022"
13,"Company Description

Welcome to This Australian Life.
From the millions of Australians we protect, to those that make it happen every day at TAL, people really are what we’re all about. We want to grow with you. Achieve with you. And support you to do your best work. That's why we're focused on developing leadership, promoting diversity, rewarding excellence and retaining great talent.
We're always looking for people who want to go further with us. People who do what’s right, aim high, and work smart. Why not see where we can go?


Job Description

As an IFRS17 Business Analyst you will work with the IFRS team, Finance, and managers across TAL to develop reports and ways of explaining TAL’s financial results to TAL’s management, shareholders and regulators. You will help drive and finalise required reporting, planning and budgeting solutions and long term forecasting including amendments to existing reports.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Implementing required changes for proforma Statutory Financial Reports
Documentation of accounting guidance notes and policies
Assisting with the changes required for TAL management, Dai-ichi (Ultimate Foreign Parent company) and Board reporting
Delivering necessary input and changes to long term planning and forecasting
Working with the Finance System Specialists to direct necessary mapping required for inputs into and out of general ledger
Finalising design of sub-ledger/general ledger
Developing a controls framework including data reconciliation


Qualifications

To be successful in this role you will have:
A chartered accountant qualification with a minimum 6 years’ experience (3 post qualification)
A strong and demonstrated understanding of existing standards (including IFRS 17 knowledge)
Experience working within Life Insurance
Good time management and prioritisation skills
Ability to investigate and resolve complex issues
High attention to detail
Direct experience in financial reporting and interpretation
Good communication and inter-personal skills
Strong stakeholder engagement
Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
You’re always accountable for your actions. You never give up. You strive to find the best outcomes for customers and partners. And you value working together to find the best solutions for problems.

Additional Information

Work is a big part of this Australian life, and we work hard to make it one of the best parts. We don’t just say it; we do it. We offer a workplace that’s inclusive and flexible, supporting our people with options that let them make the most of their careers.
We know the value of having different people from all walks of life, with varied points of view and attributes regardless of their age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status or any disabilities they might be living with. We strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace where a sense of belonging encourages people to bring their full selves to work.
#LI-Hybrid
Everyone at TAL has a responsibility to do the right thing and is accountable for the way they conduct themselves. Our expectations are that you follow the principles set out in our Code of Conduct when you come to work every day. Risk management is everyone’s responsibility.
If you are already a TAL employee please apply via the SmartRecruiters button in Workday and navigate to the Employee Portal. This is important to ensure that your application is recorded accurately."
14,"Job description
Arvensys Technologies is a well-established organization offering Software Services and Partnered IT Products & Solutions. We are looking for a Business Analyst who will be the Vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by implementing and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software needs based in Sydney NSW for a full time role.
ICT business analysts work with users to formulate system requirements, develop system plans and documentation, review and evaluate existing systems, and design and modify systems to meet users' business needs including Robotics Process Automation (RPA) technology to create automated solutions for the business. The role is a key link between the technical team, Process Excellence and business stakeholders to ensure effective solutions are delivered which drive meaningful and measurable business value.
The role will analyze and document complex business processes (AS-IS and TO-BE) for targeted processes. The candidate would also support the facilitation of discovery sessions across multiple teams and business units and lead the adoption / implementation activities associated within the business.
The Business Analyst works with cross-functional teams and business units to understand, challenge and provide thought leadership on strategy to achieve the company’s goals through business and technology transformation. They identify automation opportunities, define RPA value proposition and re-engineer processes to improve automation potential.
Key Responsibilities:
Partner with the Business Process Owner(s) and Process Excellence Team members to develop a deep end-to-end understanding of processes targeted for automation and outline the impacted processes and business requirements
Engage with cross-functional teams to develop business requirements documentation of the process to be automated in a manner that is understood by the business users and can be shared with solution design and development teams
Proactively communicate, collaborate, lead and participate in various stakeholder workshops and engagements like requirements gathering, validation, discovery playbacks and showcases, to deliver product’s functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.
Preparing artefacts supporting project delivery (traceability matrix, solutions gap analysis, support creation of service transition artefacts as required)
Works with Technical Team members to facilitate the planning and execution
Work with Business Units to perform value analysis (ROI) for the processes
Coordinate with the business and technical team to identify and provide support for solution designs for production issues and enhancements
Identify scope, benefits, constraints, and risks, capture and document current processes
Identify and document best practices
Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to drive out requirements
Consider change management implications for implementation of new processes
Deliver key business analysis artifacts, using best practices and tools, for the design, solution and execution of medium and large projects
Document and diagram the existing environment and data-flows
Gather non-functional requirements such as security, capacity performance and availability
Act as a liaison between business and technical resources
Recommend ‘to-be’ process map designs using Cross-functional flowcharts.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Conduct Process diagnostics & opportunity identification
Define requirements, creating user stories
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Creating Business Case and ROI which can be submitted for review and approvals
Essential Knowledge and Skills:
Strong customer service focus with the proven ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members, stakeholders and management. Demonstrate strong collaboration across all levels of the organization
Ability to work independently, with limited supervision
Effective Persuasive Communication including the ability to influence SMEs and business stakeholders toward change, automation and continuous improvement
Knowledge of best practices with process improvement and operational excellence
Understand the needs of and support a company with global operations
Ability to translate requirements into processes and controls
Strong analytical skills, coupled with a logical, disciplined and structured approach to documentation and procedures
Flexible and dynamic personality
Excellent spoken and written communication. Assertive and confident raising action points with senior individuals
Experience of working on major projects
Experience/knowledge of a range of technical platforms and solutions
Work with individuals to understand and build detailed process maps and business requirements documents
Ability to rapidly grasp processes and identify potential solutions
Integrate leading practices on process discovery & mapping into the day-to-day delivery of business requirements documents
A team player that is willing to learn and adapt in a high pace delivery environment
Desirable Knowledge and Skills:
Good to have JIRA, Confluence experience
Experience working with automation software (e.g., UiPath)
Experience writing SQL queries for data analysis
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $75,000.00 – $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
15,"Company Description

Welcome to This Australian Life.
From the millions of Australians we protect, to those that make it happen every day at TAL, people really are what we’re all about. We want to grow with you. Achieve with you. And support you to do your best work. That's why we're focused on developing leadership, promoting diversity, rewarding excellence and retaining great talent.
We're always looking for people who want to go further with us. People who do what’s right, aim high, and work smart. Why not see where we can go?


Job Description

As an IFRS17 Business Analyst you will work with the IFRS team, Finance, and managers across TAL to develop reports and ways of explaining TAL’s financial results to TAL’s management, shareholders and regulators. You will help drive and finalise required reporting, planning and budgeting solutions and long term forecasting including amendments to existing reports.
In this role you will be responsible for:
Implementing required changes for proforma Statutory Financial Reports
Documentation of accounting guidance notes and policies
Assisting with the changes required for TAL management, Dai-ichi (Ultimate Foreign Parent company) and Board reporting
Delivering necessary input and changes to long term planning and forecasting
Working with the Finance System Specialists to direct necessary mapping required for inputs into and out of general ledger
Finalising design of sub-ledger/general ledger
Developing a controls framework including data reconciliation


Qualifications

To be successful in this role you will have:
A chartered accountant qualification with a minimum 6 years’ experience (3 post qualification)
A strong and demonstrated understanding of existing standards (including IFRS 17 knowledge)
Experience working within Life Insurance
Good time management and prioritisation skills
Ability to investigate and resolve complex issues
High attention to detail
Direct experience in financial reporting and interpretation
Good communication and inter-personal skills
Strong stakeholder engagement
Strong Microsoft Office Suite skills
You’re always accountable for your actions. You never give up. You strive to find the best outcomes for customers and partners. And you value working together to find the best solutions for problems.

Additional Information

Work is a big part of this Australian life, and we work hard to make it one of the best parts. We don’t just say it; we do it. We offer a workplace that’s inclusive and flexible, supporting our people with options that let them make the most of their careers.
We know the value of having different people from all walks of life, with varied points of view and attributes regardless of their age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status or any disabilities they might be living with. We strive for a diverse and inclusive workplace where a sense of belonging encourages people to bring their full selves to work.
#LI-Hybrid
Everyone at TAL has a responsibility to do the right thing and is accountable for the way they conduct themselves. Our expectations are that you follow the principles set out in our Code of Conduct when you come to work every day. Risk management is everyone’s responsibility.
If you are already a TAL employee please apply via the SmartRecruiters button in Workday and navigate to the Employee Portal. This is important to ensure that your application is recorded accurately."
16,"Job description
Arvensys Technologies is a well-established organization offering Software Services and Partnered IT Products & Solutions. We are looking for a Business Analyst who will be the Vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by implementing and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software needs based in Sydney NSW for a full time role.
ICT business analysts work with users to formulate system requirements, develop system plans and documentation, review and evaluate existing systems, and design and modify systems to meet users' business needs including Robotics Process Automation (RPA) technology to create automated solutions for the business. The role is a key link between the technical team, Process Excellence and business stakeholders to ensure effective solutions are delivered which drive meaningful and measurable business value.
The role will analyze and document complex business processes (AS-IS and TO-BE) for targeted processes. The candidate would also support the facilitation of discovery sessions across multiple teams and business units and lead the adoption / implementation activities associated within the business.
The Business Analyst works with cross-functional teams and business units to understand, challenge and provide thought leadership on strategy to achieve the company’s goals through business and technology transformation. They identify automation opportunities, define RPA value proposition and re-engineer processes to improve automation potential.
Key Responsibilities:
Partner with the Business Process Owner(s) and Process Excellence Team members to develop a deep end-to-end understanding of processes targeted for automation and outline the impacted processes and business requirements
Engage with cross-functional teams to develop business requirements documentation of the process to be automated in a manner that is understood by the business users and can be shared with solution design and development teams
Proactively communicate, collaborate, lead and participate in various stakeholder workshops and engagements like requirements gathering, validation, discovery playbacks and showcases, to deliver product’s functional requirements like screen, interface, and GUI designs.
Preparing artefacts supporting project delivery (traceability matrix, solutions gap analysis, support creation of service transition artefacts as required)
Works with Technical Team members to facilitate the planning and execution
Work with Business Units to perform value analysis (ROI) for the processes
Coordinate with the business and technical team to identify and provide support for solution designs for production issues and enhancements
Identify scope, benefits, constraints, and risks, capture and document current processes
Identify and document best practices
Facilitate sessions with stakeholders to drive out requirements
Consider change management implications for implementation of new processes
Deliver key business analysis artifacts, using best practices and tools, for the design, solution and execution of medium and large projects
Document and diagram the existing environment and data-flows
Gather non-functional requirements such as security, capacity performance and availability
Act as a liaison between business and technical resources
Recommend ‘to-be’ process map designs using Cross-functional flowcharts.
Define configuration specifications and business analysis requirements
Conduct Process diagnostics & opportunity identification
Define requirements, creating user stories
Help design, document and maintain system processes
Creating Business Case and ROI which can be submitted for review and approvals
Essential Knowledge and Skills:
Strong customer service focus with the proven ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members, stakeholders and management. Demonstrate strong collaboration across all levels of the organization
Ability to work independently, with limited supervision
Effective Persuasive Communication including the ability to influence SMEs and business stakeholders toward change, automation and continuous improvement
Knowledge of best practices with process improvement and operational excellence
Understand the needs of and support a company with global operations
Ability to translate requirements into processes and controls
Strong analytical skills, coupled with a logical, disciplined and structured approach to documentation and procedures
Flexible and dynamic personality
Excellent spoken and written communication. Assertive and confident raising action points with senior individuals
Experience of working on major projects
Experience/knowledge of a range of technical platforms and solutions
Work with individuals to understand and build detailed process maps and business requirements documents
Ability to rapidly grasp processes and identify potential solutions
Integrate leading practices on process discovery & mapping into the day-to-day delivery of business requirements documents
A team player that is willing to learn and adapt in a high pace delivery environment
Desirable Knowledge and Skills:
Good to have JIRA, Confluence experience
Experience working with automation software (e.g., UiPath)
Experience writing SQL queries for data analysis
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $75,000.00 – $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
17,"Work with and contribute to a world class financial reporting team.
Our Financial Management Group’s strategy is to strengthen foundations and enable growth. It's through our culture of being curious, generous and bold that we are able to partner with our customers to deliver quality solutions for complex demands and adapt to market, business and regulatory-driven change.
Joining our Group Financial Reporting team in Sydney as an Executive, supporting the Head of Group Financial Reporting, your voice, passion, and vision will empower and steer this crucial team towards meeting their objectives.
This is an exciting and rare opportunity to develop breadth and depth of expertise, demonstrate measurable value and deliver key financial reports, several of which form part of the group’s reporting to its external stakeholders that include shareholders and other providers of capital. In this role you will be responsible for assisting in the production of key group external financial reporting deliverables that include group, bank and non-bank interim and annual financial statements, related regulatory reports and other reports that rely on related financial information.
With a global lens, you will be partnering with the broader financial reporting team as well as other finance teams group regulatory reporting teams, the group’s Accounting Policy and Advisory Group and Group Financial Planning and Analysis across our Financial Management Group and other functions such as our legal and governance team.
You will also be responsible for the production of several deliverables for the consideration of internal governance committees and participating in several financial reporting-related projects that contribute to the continued success of this function. In addition, you will assist in preparation of board audit committee documents and board papers.
Your knowledge of financial reporting and controls will be leveraged to regularly engage and consult with the data team, business units, risk management and the senior leadership team. You will also be interested in improving operational processes, providing financial reporting advice, interpreting regulatory reporting requirements within a business context and enjoy communicating with a variety of stakeholders.
You will also be involved in implementation of strategic projects including:
opportunities for automation
process improvement opportunities
creating efficiencies on a regular basis.
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
a tertiary degree in Business/Commerce and hold or working towards a CA
previous experience and knowledge of Financial Statements and Accounting requirements and standards (Australian Accounting Standards / International Financial Reporting Standards)
good relationship building skills and stakeholder management skills will also be paramount to your success in this role.
If you have a collaborative approach, are curious with the ability to learn and adapt quickly whilst adhering to change, then apply today.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-963468
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Junior, Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Finance
Recruiter: Badrul Alam
Opening Date: 25/2/2022"
18,"About Ofload
Ofload are the fastest growing technology start-up in the Australian logistics space with the ambitious goal of eliminating all waste in road freight. Every third truck on Australian roads today drives empty, we use technology to efficiently allocate supply and demand, and thereby eliminate the enormous waste in the industry.


Why join us?
We have just raised $20m Series A at $100m+ valuation!
Our business is set to grow by 10X in value to 1B in the next 24 months so it’s a huge opportunity to develop career defining moments.
Our team is outcomes focused - we value and embrace flexible working to enable your best working conditions.

More info about us and our amazing team:


About the opportunity
This role will be in our Operations team to conduct data analysis on industry and client data, assist in pricing/costing, work on large tender submissions, and other analytical tasks.

About you


You are a strong operator and enthusiastic self-starter who is eager to get your foot in the door as an early member at a fast paced, rapidly growing technology start up.
You want to get your hands dirty and assist in building data modelling from scratch, to assist in providing meaningful business insights
You take a high degree of ownership in your work and are ready to attack unfamiliar problems with high energy and a refusal to settle. You are enthusiastic to learn new skills and thrive in a fast-paced high growth environment.

Responsibilities


Conduct analysis of client and industry data such as volumes, pricing, freight flows, etc.
Working with the Sales and Operations teams to develop pricing
Assist in the optimisation of freight movements - a core part of our vision to reduce waste in the freight industry
General analysis for the Operations and Sales teams as required
Possess 2-3 years post-grad experience in a consulting, finance, or other similar analytical role
MUST have advanced Excel and data analytical skills
Ability to work proactively, loves a challenge, and is passionate about process improvement
Experience with SQL & Tableau will be advantageous
Great communication skills as you will be working with a wide range of stakeholders both internally and externally
More about our culture
We embrace our differences
To innovate, we collaborate
Change the game with Tech
Get behind the wheel at Ofload
Have a truckload of fun!

Benefits
Competitive salary
Flexible working hours, we value work-life balance
Gourmet shared breakfasts
Pet friendly offices
Sponsored social and team events
Yearly offsite event - 20% work 80% play!
Awesome Ofload swag
Cool warehouse office space with pool table, snacks, friday drinks and more

Awards & Articles about Ofload
Ofload gets $100m valuation with new $20m cash injection
Ofload an ABA100 Winner for Digital Innovation in The Australian Business Awards 2021
Ofload an ABA100® Winner for Tech Innovation in The Australian Business Awards 2021
Global VC Foundamental makes first local investment in Ofload
60th Supply Chain & Logistics Association of Australia Start-Up Award Finalist"
19,"2 Years Temporary, full-time role
Location – Armidale, Coffs Harbour, Dubbo or Queanbeyan (other locations within Regional NSW will be considered)
Salary from $99,431 plus super and leave loading
Clerk Grade 7/8
Who is the Department of Regional NSW? Why work for us?
Our Department is responsible for building resilient regional economies and communities, strengthening primary industries, managing the use of regional land, overseeing the state’s mineral and mining resources and ensuring government investment in regional NSW is fair and delivers positive outcomes for local communities and businesses.
We encourage applicants from all backgrounds including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQ+ community, veterans, refugees, and people with disability. We support an inclusive workplace where staff have access to opportunities and resources at all levels, enabling our team members to drive innovation, productivity and delivery of high-quality services. We provide dignified access to reasonable adjustments both during the recruitment process and in the workplace. If you require reasonable adjustment during the recruitment process, please call or text the contact for this role.
About the role
The Investment Attraction Analyst is responsible for providing high quality data, advice and insights across priority sectors in Regional NSW to increase competitiveness and assist in the attraction of new investment, whilst supporting investors through a range of facilitation services.
Key responsibilities for the Investment Attraction Analyst role include, but not limited to:
Support the development and execution of investment attraction initiatives and provide fundamental data and insights to encourage inward investment
Prepare high quality presentations on industry sectors and trends, and advise on commercial opportunities
Contribute to advice to sector leads, Director and Executive Director on linkages between market trends, regional endowments, priority precincts and inward investment
Prepare and maintain project documentation for reporting, monitoring and evaluation and support effective decision making
Communicate with key stakeholders to support policy and legislative requirements for the delivery of divisional activities
Provide customer service and support investors in making strategic investment decisions through provision of facilitation services
This role will be delivering a range of project management and support services, given tight deadlines, limited resources and the need to manage competing priorities.
This role will report to the Investment Manager. To see the exciting projects the team is working on currently check out Invest Regional NSW: Overview | LinkedIn
About You
You will be a highly motivated professional with proven project and relationship management experience and the ability to manage client and stakeholder relationships professionally and confidently. You will have a passion and in-depth understanding of the issues facing Regional NSW, as well as the markets and industries that will play a key role in the development of our regions.
Key knowledge and experience
Knowledge of economic analysis and measurement methodologies, including contemporary models to undertake impact assessments of activities and projects.
Ability to identify key data points and prepare infographic documents to drive strategic investment discussions, including managing and updating data sets.
Understanding of commercial drivers and realities, and insight into how Government can support economic transformation.
Essential requirements
Tertiary qualifications in economics, trade, statistics, commerce, business management or public policy (with a strong data analysis component) or equivalent.
Experienced in contemporary data visualisation and presentation techniques including data dashboards and online presentation tools.
Evidence of the COVID-19 vaccination must be provided upon commencement of employment. This is a condition of engagement should you be successfully appointed to a position within the Department of Regional NSW (which includes Local Land Services and the Soil Conservation Service).
Current NSW Driver Licence
Applying for the Role
Apply by submitting a current resume and brief cover letter (maximum 2 pages) that outlines your skills and experience relevant to the role.
Application Closing Date – Thursday 26 May 2022 11:55pm
For further information about this opportunity please contact Mark McClean - Director Investment Attraction on 0412 981 110 or via mark.mcclean@regional.nsw.gov.au
Please view the role description here.
Additional Information
A talent pool may be created from this recruitment action for ongoing and temporary roles of the same standard that may become available for filling over the next eighteen months. The successful applicant in this role may be required to undergo a police check, health assessment and other assessments as required.
All Department of Regional NSW employees are required to show evidence of:
being fully vaccinated with a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine and; or
having an approved medical contraindication.
You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status or approved COVID19 Vaccination medical exemption at the time of your application submission."
20,"Job no: 53850962
Brand: Australia Post
Categories: Corporate Services
Work type: Permanent Full Time
State: VIC
Location: Melbourne

Our business is evolving, and this is your chance to add value to our changing landscape!
At Australia Post, we help communities to thrive. Our ambition for the Post Office is to be a leading-edge marketplace that connects Australians with the world. We are more than just Australia Post; we are The People’s Post Office.
Payroll Operations is in a continual state of change due to legislation and policy updates. The continual changes result in the management of those aspects of change on a consistent basis to the point where the impacted processes and systems are realigned.
The position is responsible for the coordination and production of highly sensitive outputs such as payroll relevant reports relevant for EBA negotiations, restructures and the continual BAU requests for payroll reports across all business functions. The position is also responsible for oversight of the hygiene of the information in our SAP HR/ Payroll system.
What you`ll do -
The position is in Payroll Operations which is made up of several teams including Payroll Services, HR & Payroll Administration, Time & Attendance, Organisational Management and Reporting. Payroll Operations provides a range of transactional and administrative services for the Australia Post Group and our external business customers.
The position works closely with the Payroll Operations Team, middle to upper level managers, P&C COE teams and their leaders, the Senior Application Controllers as well as stakeholders across the business to ensure timely, accurate and complete data reporting requirements and analysis and understand the appropriate legislative and policy changes.
Responsibilities –
Manage requests via the reporting inbox, ServiceNow and directly from our stakeholders.
Create bespoke payroll, organisational and time data reports via reporting tools, including Spinifex and others. Some highly sensitive in nature.
Manage high demand stakeholders and provide solutions to their requests into high level simplified formats.
Extract and analyse workforce data and prepare reports, with supporting commentary.
Provide data, metrics and analysis responding to ad-hoc requests from authorised business areas and initiatives.
Proactive management of the cleanliness of information in our HR systems by reporting on the data and leveraging on the rest of the payroll operations team to remediate any shortfalls in the data.
Work with the Payroll Operations team to automate or simplify existing data reporting and gathering requirements through the use of a number of platforms and programs.
Run with the compliance program of works that the Payroll Operations leadership team define each year
Develop and maintain strong relationships with the business to inspire and deliver the commercial value proposition of data
Proactively collaborate with internal teams to workshop solutions for business problems
Analyse large, multi-dimensional datasets, identifying actionable insights and recommendations
Define, develop, and communicate information and data classification standards to promote consistent data practices
What we are looking for -
Essential to this role is the attention to detail and advanced analytical skills, as well as a strong knowledge of Payroll.
Experience in SAP and using Spinifex will be highly regarded.
You will also have experience in the use of workforce reporting tools including advanced MS Excel features to provide quality artefacts.
The role requires the applicant to be organised and able to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment to ensure SLA’s area always met.
For us, an engaging, enjoyable workplace is the foundation for great work, which is why your attitude and your passion, is just as important to us as your experience. We offer competitive salary in an equal opportunity workforce. We encourage applications from people of all ages, including indigenous Australian’s and those with a disability.
Want to be part of our diverse and transforming business? You could play a key role in our future as we continue to connect all Australians, support businesses and communities and evolve our products and services. To register your interest with our careers team, click on ‘’ button and submit your resume!
Advertised: 20 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time
Applications close: 30 May 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
21,"Job Description:
DXC Technology (NYSE:DXC) - where brilliant people embrace change and seize opportunities to advance their careers and amplify customer success. People are the heart of our business. We support each other and work as a team, globally and locally to deliver excellence for our customers and colleagues. We use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services that move the world. DXC.com
DXC Consulting guides organisations on their digital transformation. We understand that success on your digital journey requires depth of expertise in multiple areas as well as a holistic delivery approach. We have the technology independence, global talent and extensive partner alliance to help you get there.
Do you want to play a pivotal role in the transformational journey for a mining client? DXC Consulting has an excellent opening for an Agile Business Analyst to be based in Perth
What you will do:
Act as the liaison between IT and the business; identify initiatives through business requirements and evolving business capabilities; contribute to business strategy
Translate business requirements into IT requirements
Facilitate workshops in person and remotely
Collaborate with data mining operations, design, and architecture resources for the operational reporting and analytics, with operational metrics (KPIs) related to site processing
Act as Agile Business Analyst throughout project life cycles - support DevOps, Artefacts and project close out
What you will bring to the role:
A minimum of 5 years + experience in a Business Analyst role
SAFe Scaled Agile working knowledge and familiarity with the framework
End-to-end mining domain experience
Capabilities in Operational Data Platform deployments highly regarded
Working knowledge of collaboration tools such as MIRO & MS Teams
Excellent communicator able to cultivate working relationships at all levels of business
Awareness of Scrum and Kanban
Exposure to projects using MS Azure and IoT
Ability to work across hybrid deliver models (Waterfall and Agile)
Willing to travel to site (if and when required as a hybrid mix of working from home and the office is in place)
Our culture and benefits
DXC is committed to building better futures for our customers, colleagues, environment, and communities. We take care of each other and foster a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship. We put this to action developing and implementing societal initiatives within our Social Impact Practice . #WeAreDXC
Our “people first” philosophy means we offer competitive remuneration, benefits, training and career opportunities that reflect our commitment to improving the lives of our employees, and the communities in which we live and work.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer
DXC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we welcome submissions from people from all walks of life. We celebrate our diversity and recognize it is the unique contributions of our people that give us our edge. We stand by the ‘bring your whole-self to work’ philosophy. It is our inclusive culture that powers our results, and our company grows only if our people grow.
For more information, visit Consulting (dxc.com)"
22,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity
We are seeking Technical Business Analysts at multiple levels to join our EY Data and Analytics team ideally in our Melbourne and Sydney office but can also be based in any of the major Australian cities. Working with a high profile, blue chip client this role is offered on a flexible, full-time basis.

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 600 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations.

We go beyond strategy and provide end to end implementation of real-life data environments and have some of the best architects, project managers, business analysts, data scientists, big data engineers, developers and consultants in the region.

Your key responsibilities
Be a part of one of our successful delivery teams and get an opportunity to move into a more consultative role working across various data environments and helping our clients solve their business problems with data.
Be responsible for creating requirement specifications, analysing requirements, creating visual models, facilitating elicitation sessions and digging around in the data when needed.
Understand key business processes by interviewing client stakeholders and represent processes in easily digestible diagrammatic formats to visually illustrate a sequence of steps to achieve and end goal.
Identify gaps in technical flows and suggest improvements to control environments.
Have knowledge and experience of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, defect management.
Have experience in business intelligence, data warehousing or advanced analytics projects.

Skills and attributes for success
Worked in a similar role for at least 2 years with a focus on data management in a consulting environment preferred but not mandatory.
Strong relationship building and stakeholder management skills;
Excellent written and verbal communications
Strong problem-solving experience
Ability to balance and prioritise activities, with the flexibility to quickly adapt to changing business demands

Ideally, you’ll also have
Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects
Exceptional communication, documentation and presentation skills

What we offer
A tech career at EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer:
Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $90,000 including 10% superannuation.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
23,"Job ID: 587289

Job type: Full Time - Permanent

Categories: Information Technology

Who we are

Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand. Through trusted relationships and world leading insight we work closely with our customers to design, build and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities.

Position summary

Downer is a leading provider of end-to-end Technology and Communications service solutions and offers integrated civil construction, wireless, electrical, fibre, copper and radio network deployment capability. We now have an opportunity for a Reporting Analyst to join our Technology & Innovation team based in North Ryde, NSW.

Working with large multi-disciplinary engineering and construction teams, you will elicit true business requirements and provide reporting to the project team and business users to enable decision making. This includes creating reporting data models, supporting operational reporting requirements created by the move to MS Dynamics and current reporting processes using Azure Data Factory , Azure SQL and Power BI . You will also provide support for the services running on the Power Platform i.e. PowerApps and PowerAutomate .

ABOUT YOU

Fundamental knowledge of database systems and data modelling

Sound understanding of BI Reporting tools and working with SQL databases

Willing and able to consider the bigger picture to enhance performance and results

Big picture thinker using this to influence and drive performance results

Team player seeking to create an environment for continuous improvement

Operates across the business through open communication and engagement.

WHAT WE OFFER

Supportive manager coupled with an established team

Suite of benefits including health and wellness initiatives

Personalised career growth working with an industry leader

Competitive remuneration with on-going training and support

Career enhancing opportunity to work within an ASX limited company.

For further information please contact michelle.hargreaves3@downergroup.com

Applications will not be accepted via email, please submit your application via the online advertisement.

How to apply

To apply for this great opportunity please click the button

Closing Date: 06 Jun 2022 AUS Eastern Standard Time"
24,"Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst
PH-Calabarzon-Cainta
Description

Position Summary
The Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst is responsible for providing reporting and analytical support across the organization to enable data-driven decision-making and support strategic planning by Percepta leadership. As a key member of the Centralized Reporting Team, this position is responsible for an enterprise-wide approach to data management and reporting through business intelligence reporting initiatives. The team will create and maintain a variety of contact center operational reports, both automated and manually generated, and will be the key point of contact for operation leadership and client reporting needs.


Duties and Responsibilities


Work directly with clients and Percepta leadership to develop, design, enhance, and generate contact center reports for end users taking highly complex information and producing user-friendly reports for review by management and clients.
Continually seek to improve existing reporting processes, frequency, and distribution methods by incorporating automation techniques, initiatives, and technology trends.
Ensure the integrity and 100% accuracy of all reports distributed from the Centralized Reporting Team.
Key member of the project team responsible for designing and implementing an enterprise reporting model to include data governance guidelines
Standardize cross-departmental data definitions, KPIs, and calculations and ensure ongoing conformance to published standards
Partner with report users and the Percepta Data Warehouse team to create business requirements for new data warehouse feeds
Participate in development and UAT phases of all new reports and report enhancements
Provide organizational training for new users, training on new reports/report enhancements, and continued organizational awareness of reports availability
Develop procedures and operating instructions for all reporting processes and applications.
Provide production support through problems analysis and resolution to correct deficiencies within reporting applications.
Seek out new opportunities to evaluate data through the utilization of new technologies and tools
Actively participate in call routing discussions to identify data collection and reporting needs.
SME in terms of process and data collection for all applications utilized by the Reporting, Operations, and WFM teams.
Work on activities, projects, and requests for data extrapolation as requested by Percepta Leadership
Build skill sets and continue to develop proficiency of the department’s systems and applications ensuring Percepta remains on the cutting edge of Workforce Management within the industry that will facilitate the growth of yourself and Percepta within the industry


Education
Bachelor’s Degree / Related contact center reporting and analysis experience


Experience and Qualifications
Minimum 3 years of work experience as a contact center data and reporting analyst
Minimum 5 years of work experience in Microsoft Excel to include VBA, macros, pivot tables, and advanced functions
Experience with building reports and dashboards in PowerBI preferred
Experience with SQL, SharePoint Reporting, Access Databases
Oracle SQL Developer, MS SQL Management Studio, and MS Business Objects Experience Preferred
Must be able to draw conclusions from raw data and summarize results quickly and efficiently using logic and reasoning to identify conclusions and approaches to problems,
Technical understanding and experience with call center tools, telephony systems and contact management center systems (Avaya CMS, Aspect Workforce Management / eWFM)
Proven experience with MS office suite including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Access
Advanced Excel (formulas, Pivot Tables, Charting/Visualizations, Reporting, and Dashboard building, and VBA)
Understand requirements to maintain an accurate data/reporting environment that meets operational needs in the contact center industry
Experience with designing reports utilizing OLAP cubes as the data source.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, specifically an ability to communicate effectively across multiple management levels
Create a positive work environment that fosters successful team performance
Strong customer service, interpersonal and relationship-building skills
Exceptional time management skills and attention to detail
Detailed understanding of contact center metrics and relational impacts.


Other
Must be able to interact with all internal and external departments and contacts. Must represent Percepta professionally with all clients and external organizations and contacts.


Work Expectations
M-F Business hours, with occasional additional hours, if deadlines or business needs require
Must be available to work varied shifts if business needs change.


Physical and Logistical Requirements (Including equipment used)
The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions"
25,"Salary Range: $83,013-$86,511+ Attractive Superannuation
Contact Officer: Anne Guan 0410 276 544



The Actuarial Analyst will develop projections of future government liability and evaluate policy, which helps the department make sense of quantitative data and identify trends, taking account of risks and uncertainty.

Under guidance, the Actuarial Analyst will use longitudinal data and predictive analytics, working collaboratively with the Actuarial Leads to interpret results to support evidence-based policy development and program delivery. The analyst will also leverage comprehensive, client-centric data to develop a picture of the lifetime trajectories of members, to evaluate the effectiveness of new policies/programs in improving financial, social and wellbeing outcomes.



Duties

Use longitudinal data and predictive analytics to analyse and interpret actuarial results.
Enhance and expand models to estimate future client demand.
Leverage data to develop an understanding of the lifetime trajectories of clients.
Contribute to evaluating the effectiveness of new policies in improving outcomes for veterans.
Identify specific cohorts which could benefit from early intervention to inform targeted services.
Provide technical expertise that contributes to the delivery of business and wellbeing outcomes.
Utilise machine learning and natural language processing algorithms to harness the information in DVA’s vast data stores
Support the use and maintenance of DVA's Priority Investment Approach – Veterans (PIA-V) evidence-based platform.
Support the development of the Wellbeing Framework to assess whole-of-life outcomes.
Develop interactive dashboards using Tableau.
Support ongoing enhancements to the PIA-V projections (e.g. new modules).
Support the expansion of the PIA-V longitudinal strategic dataset to include new variables.
Support the streamlining of the data extraction process to enable the provision of reliable data.
Support data linking activities to build a more complete picture of the veteran experience.
Contribute to the quality, efficiency and effectiveness of actuarial analysis services.

Eligibility

Applicants must be an Australian citizen to apply.
Tertiary degree with major in Actuarial Studies, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Finance, Econometrics, Computer Science, Nuclear Physics, Astronomy, Astrophysics, Data Science or a closely related discipline

Desirable

Proficiency in using one of the specialist software packages (SAS, R, Python or other closely related programming languages) for data analytics or modelling purposes

Notes

A merit pool will be established that may be used to fill similar positions within the next 18 months.

Successful applicants engaged into the APS will be subject to a probation period.

DVA embraces and fosters a culture that supports diversity, inclusion and respect, where people are empowered to fulfil their potential. We welcome people with diverse skills, experiences, perspectives and backgrounds. We are dedicated and committed to attracting and recruiting Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples and encourage applications from people with disability, people that identify as LGBTQIA+ and people from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds. Take on a rewarding, varied, and broad career with an Australian Public Service Department that can bring balance and flexibility to your working life, while supporting you to stay connected to your community.

DVA is committed to improving the data skills and capability of our workforce to underpin our goal of becoming a leading data-driven organisation.

RecruitAbility applies to this vacancy. Under the RecruitAbility scheme you will be invited to participate in further assessment activity for the vacancy if you choose to apply under the scheme; declare you have a disability; and meet the minimum requirements for the job. For more information visit: https://www.apsc.gov.au/recruitability
Applicant Information Opens in new window
Job Description Opens in new window"
26,"About JLL –
We’re JLL—a leading professional services and investment management firm specializing in real estate. We have operations in over 80 countries and a workforce of over 91,000 individuals around the world who help real estate owners, occupiers and investors achieve their business ambitions. As a global Fortune 500 company, we also have an inherent responsibility to drive sustainability and corporate social responsibility. That’s why we’re committed to our purpose to shape the future of real estate for a better world. We’re using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people and our communities.
Our core values of teamwork, ethics and excellence are also fundamental to everything we do and we’re honored to be recognized with awards for our success by organizations both globally and locally.
Creating a diverse and inclusive culture where we all feel welcomed, valued and empowered to achieve our full potential is important to who we are today and where we’re headed in the future. And we know that unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives help us think bigger, spark innovation and succeed together.
If this job description resonates with you, we encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all of the requirements below. We’re interested in getting to know you and what you bring to the table!
What’s your ambition? Is it a big goal or small steps? Professional or personal? We’d like to know, because we make your ambitions our business.
If you’re looking to step up your career, JLL is the perfect professional home. At JLL, you’ll have a chance to innovate with the world’s leading businesses, put that expertise into action on landmark projects, and work on game-changing real estate initiatives.

JLL is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. JLL shapes the future of real estate for a better world by using the most advanced technology to create rewarding opportunities, amazing spaces and sustainable real estate solutions for our clients, our people and our communities. JLL is a Fortune 500 company with annual revenue of $16.6 billion in 2020, operations in over 80 countries and a global workforce more than 95,000 as of September 30, 2021. JLL is the brand name, and a registered trademark, of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated.

What this opportunity involves:
Based in JLL’s corporate office in Sydney CBD, we are seeking for a Finance Systems and Reporting Analyst.

The purpose of this role is to ensure the Finance team are leveraging all available data sets, technology and innovative practices to ensure processes are efficient and reporting is fit for purpose, insightful and current. This is achieved via the utilisation of data from finance and non-finance systems, leveraging the Finance Reporting function, and via partnering with our JLL Technology team.

At JLL, we have a wide range of career paths and opportunities available. We are seeking ambitious talent to work with us so that you can achieve your ambitions and create rewarding opportunities for yourself. Work alongside a supportive team with the opportunity for career development and continuous learning & improvement initiatives.

What this role involves:
Drive efficiencies in key finance deliverables (forecasts and budgeting) via the automation and simplification of processes and interfaces between finance Business Partners and relevant finance systems – Smart view, EPBCS (budgeting and forecast system), PeopleSoft and the finance data mart.
Work with Finance, Business representatives and IT in the development of business focused dashboards using Tableau BI and Power BI, leveraging financial and non-financial data sets from PeopleSoft, CRM, payroll and other systems.
Support with key reporting deliverables (financial and non-financial – Annual leave, LSL, Operative performance reports, Revenue tracking) and work with broader Finance Reporting team towards automation of the same.
Design, maintain and improve monthly reporting templates using IBM Planning and Analytics for Excel (PAX).
Assist in the design and implementation of best practice reporting practices including system assessment, process design, report design, implementation and stabilisation – future solution
Support ad-hoc specialised reporting and data requirements to meet operational, statutory and regulatory deliverables using SQL and the PeopleSoft Finance Data mart (Allocations, revenue, headcount, year-end provisions LSL)
Support local delivery of regional and global reporting initiatives lead by the Finance Reporting function

Sound like the job you are looking for? Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we are looking for:
At least 5 years’ experience focusing primarily on advanced technical reporting type roles
Advanced proficiency in Excel modelling including VBA knowledge
Advanced BI tool knowledge (i.e. Cognos, Power BI, Tableau or similar)
General systems competency – ability to pick up new systems and changes quickly
Sound understanding of relational data, joins, primary keys, query logic
Ability to work autonomously, accurately, and quickly
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, manage change requests, be flexible with working hours and prioritise work with hard deadlines
High attention to detail with high volume of business
Experience with chart field finance system GL structures
Understand of basic accounting concepts such as journals and accruals are preferred but not essential

What you can expect from us:
AT JLL, we value your health and wellbeing which is why we are excited to announce a whole raft of new benefits through our WHEREFIT partnership! WHEREFIT provides you with access to exclusive corporate discounts of up to 40% off at leading fitness and wellbeing brands across Australia. With over 2,000 unique offers across gyms, activewear, studios, healthy meals, supplements, accessories, self-care and more, there is something for everyone so you can perform at your best!

JLL is committed to developing and maintaining a diverse workforce. As an organisation, we don’t just accept that we are a place of many different people, but we embrace it, we celebrate it, and we proactively support the needs that difference brings. JLL is committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, gender, age, sexual orientation or disability, and that is why, for more than a decade, we continue to rank among the World’s Most Ethical Companies.

Interested candidates, please apply following the link below quoting job reference number JPREQ206802
What you can expect from us
We succeed together and believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.
Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your career ambitions, recognizing your contributions, investing in your well-being and providing competitive benefits and pay.
We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL. Apply today!"
27,"About the Business
The Know Your Customer (KYC) Stream of the Financial Crime Program is responsible for strengthening the Group’s Financial Crime Compliance capability through uplifting the Customer Risk Assessment (CRA) and Enhanced Due Diligence (ECDD) practices, amongst many other. The Stream is also delivering other 10+ other projects, themed around Customer Datasets and processes.
What will your impact be?
You are supporting the Product Owner, other business and data analysts, and the broader delivery team of the KYC Stream. You support the analysis required and the interdependencies of overlaid backlog items. And you have exposure to a range of senior stakeholders of the Program and have an influence over a handful of related Programs in the Financial Crime and Customer Lifecycle Management space.
More specifically, this role will require you to;
Elicit business requirements from business and Product Owners, build a backlog, and support prioritisation
Work with stakeholders/Product Owners to understand their needs, concerns and the environment that they operate in
Drive and/or supporting business needs modelling, analysis and impact assessment
Work collaboratively to identify business requirements for enhancements to systems and / or business processes as well as problem solve complex issues
Support business requirement and business improvement initiatives, and estimation processes
Gather, organise and synthesize large amounts of information from various sources to build insight and understand to defined business impacts, challenges, opportunities, as well as, documenting it in respective artefacts
Undertake any other tasks assigned by your manager that you have the capability to perform safely in line with relevant internal Group policies and external regulatory requirements.
See yourself in our team? We’re interested in hearing from people who have:
Extensive experience as a Business Analyst having worked within sizeable project teams delivering successful business and customer outcomes
Experience working with data management, analytics and data control, preferably with a focus on customer data and development of customer data controls
Knowledge and experience of AML/CTF regulation including KYC
Demonstrable knowledge and background in compliance and operational risk management
Understanding of risks, ability to apply these to problems to create options and justify or validate proposed solutions using Business Analysis tools
Ability to understand and develop complex concepts and communicate them effectively through oral, written and visual means
Ability to present to and interact with stakeholders at all levels, including members of Leadership Teams, and senior business and technology stakeholders in affected areas
Tertiary/post graduate level education in business management, strategy and/or finance (desirable, not essential)
The health and safety of our people, customers and communities is our number one priority. This means that we require all of our employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Please speak to us if you have any questions about this based on your individual circumstances.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 01/06/2022"
28,"Job Description
Location: Melbourne | CBD
Job type: Full time
Organisation: Department of Transport
Salary: $88,955 - $100,930
Occupation: Analyst
Reference: VG/NEW80004190
The Department of Transport brings together all transport modes to design, plan, build and operate Victoria's transport system. Our job is to further integrate the transport network and improve the delivery of services to Victorians for simpler, quicker and safer journeys that connect people and places and support Victoria's prosperity and liveability. We are excited to offer this opportunity for you to become part of the Department that delivers more choice, connections and confidence in our travel, ensuring the whole transport network works as one to deliver better services and outcomes.
Business Intelligence Analyst
Annual Salary Range: VPS4 $88,955 – $100, 930 per annum plus superannuation
Tenure: Ongoing
Employment Type: Full Time
Usual Work Location: Melbourne CBD (flexibility may be available)
About the Opportunity
The Business Intelligence Analyst sits within the Reporting & Analysis team of the Portfolio Management Office and is responsible for the development, support and maintenance of Power BI dashboards and for providing meaningful analytical insight, working with a wide range of data and reports from across the department and its agencies. The position complements the role of the Reporting Analysts to support the Portfolio Assurance branch to guide and support key stakeholders to align to the standard for project delivery reporting across the Department through the provision of quality dashboards, delivery insights, analytics and advice.
About You
Our ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the following key skills:
Takes into account wider business context within business unit when considering options to resolve issues.
Considers data volume, variety, velocity, and veracity to establish data collection and analysis approach.
Understands and delivers against standards of quality and effectiveness applicable to own area of work.
Communicates orally in a manner that is clear fluent and holds the listeners' attention.
Works with sense of purpose within the team and enables others to understand the strategic direction of the branch and organisation.
Mandatory
Demonstrated expertise in business intelligence (Power BI) and experience using those skills to support business reporting outcomes.
Extensive experience relevant to the accountabilities and capabilities of the role ideally in project reporting and/or data analysis.
More information is available in the Position Description.
How to Apply
Applications should include a resume and a covering letter briefly addressing the Key Selection Criteria found in the position description.
Applications close 11.59pm on 27 May 2022.
For a confidential discussion regarding this opportunity, please call Paul Farrell, Manager Reporting and Analysis via email at paul.farrell@transport.vic.gov.au.


Please note: This position requires the successful employee to provide evidence of being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, or medical evidence which confirms the individual is unable to receive a dose, or a further dose, of a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical contraindication or an acute medical illness.
Failure to comply with this condition of employment will impact your eligibility for employment in this position with DoT.
Preferred applicants may be subject to pre-employment checks. Information provided to the Department of Transport will be treated in the strictest confidence."
29,"Job Description:
The Team
The newly formed Asia Pac ESG Research Team will focus on highlighting thematic trends from a regional, sectoral and stock perspective around Environment. Social and Governance guidelines. The team aims to provide and highlight investment insights on ESG thematics. The new team will be co-headed by two senior analysts (based on Hong Kong and Sydney). This role is based in Sydney.
The Role
Assist the team in analysing macro level ESG trends to help write thematic research Help the team analyse and backtest third-party ESG data to derive historical insights Apply quantitative techniques to analyse historical trends Apply qualitative analysis to help predict future trends
The Person
3+ years working experience Interest in ESG thematic or have working knowledge A quantitative mindset Experience in working with third-party data providers such as Factset, Bloomberg, Refinitiv Strong SQL skills Strong programming skills in Python or VBA (experience in cloud computing is a plus) Ability to work independently, meticulous, organised and inquisitive.
Job Band:
H6
Shift:
Hours Per Week:
38
Weekly Schedule:
Referral Bonus Amount:
0"
