,0
0,"Join a successful, mature and growing business
Work as part of broader team to deliver client outcomes
Contract Position for 4 Months

About BSA

The BSA Group is a comprehensive technical services contracting company that has successful long-term relationships with our clients, founded upon a commitment to provide innovative, flexible solutions and a culture that promotes continuous improvement. We comprise of two divisions, BSA|APS (Advanced Property Solutions) and BSA|CUI (Communications & Utility Infrastructure).

BSA|APS designs, constructs and maintains the systems that make Australia’s buildings efficient, safe and comfortable. BSA|CUI is a national provider of strategic advice, design, implementation, operations and maintenance services, specializing in telecommunications networks and technologies.

We are a people business and an equal opportunity employer - we support and recognize the importance of a workplace culture that values diversity and inclusion. Proudly, our executive leadership team comprises of almost half female employees.

About the Role

We are looking for enthusiastic people to join our BSA|CUI finance team in the capacity of Claims Data Analyst, based in our Lidcombe office. Reporting to the Accounts Team Manager, the key purpose pf this role is to analyze billing, disputes, providing payment schedules and support with data extraction queries.

Key Responsibilities include:


Producing payment schedule reports for the leadership team
Analyze data and summaries findings in order to produce payment schedules reports including outstanding queries and disputed payments
Having strong technical and analytical skills, business intelligence, and a working knowledge of the billing and recovery management.
Perform revenue conciliation and calculate the applicable recovery
Being able to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders
Maintaining payment schedule register and liaise with relevant team member to finalize the account
Any other tasks as directed by the Management
Uphold BSA Values and Behaviors and take reasonable care to prevent injuries to self and others.
To be a part of the team, we require:

Tertiary qualifications in a relevant area with a minimum 3 years’ experience in working within billing, commercial and finance area.
Advanced Excel skills with high attention to detail and organizational skills
Intermediate proficiency in SQL
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Demonstrated ability to contribute to analytical solutions
Providing support to Management, Internal and External stakeholders
Excellent attendance/punctuality
Solution focused
Previous experience in telecommunication industry would be an advantage but not mandatory.
Why work with us:

A competitive salary package
Flexible work arrangements
Reward and Recognition program
Health & Wellbeing program
Learning and Development opportunities
Join us and be a part of a progressive culture that is enjoyable, flexible and results-driven.

If you believe you have the capabilities to succeed in this role, please do not hesitate to click “Apply for this job” and attach your cover letter and resume.

Please note, COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this position and the successful candidate will be subject to mandatory pre-employment checks including a Police Check. Should your application be unsuccessful, we will keep your details on file in case there are suitable vacancies in the future. If you do not wish for your details to be retained, please let us know by emailing Recruitment@BSA.com.au"
1,"The position
The Marketing Analyst role exists to provide the business with analytical insight into the supporter, their giving behaviour and other attitudinal data to drive continuous improvement within marketing campaigns and supplying clear, accurate and reliable data/insights.
Your role plays an integral part in the organisation, enabling us to support our mission of empowering Australians to create meaningful change for the world’s most vulnerable children and adults.
This is a contract role until February 2023.
You will:
Develop, maintain targeting strategies through data including the creation and delivery of targeting lists/files for campaigns using various channels (ie: DM, eDM, Flat File outputs) and to required timelines
Partake in targeting workshops and produce pre-campaign analysis to support strategic directions and make recommendations based on insights
Analyse in-flight campaign responses to enable quick optimisations (where needed) or test and learn strategies
Develop and utilise supporter segmentation within targeting strategies
Create and develop post campaign analytics decks to simplify the core learnings for continual improvement
Develop and maintain reporting dashboards to support campaign outcomes (maintain UTM tagging framework)
Develop and maintain reporting methodologies to effectively measure various marketing activities
Collaborate with other business functions to enhance understanding of data and its use, and ensuring a robust marketing/communications strategy
Who we’re looking for
We are looking for someone who has a curious mindset, can probe and ask questions, direct stakeholders and articulate insights back to the business.
You will have:
Proven experience in marketing (CRM) targeting campaign methodologies/strategies, customer/supporter segmentation.
Experience with stakeholder engagement and presenting your findings and recommendations
Exposure to test and learn (test/control groups) methodologies
Experience with Agile ways of working
Strong proven experience of using MS SQL to extract, analyse and create data for generating insights
Experience with data visualisation tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik
Strong written communication skills demonstrated by the ability to produce sound written reports and technical documentation
Exposure to Marketing Automation Tech-Stack is advantageous
Tertiary qualifications in commerce, economics, marketing, business statistics, analytics or relevant discipline
Working for World Vision means you are making the world better
It’s not every day that a job comes along that lets you change the world. Working for World Vision means looking forward to turning up at work because you know you’re about to do something meaningful. It means working with 35,000 staff and 3.3 million supporters in 100 countries who will stop at nothing to help children live better lives. Join a team that is bold and courageous, and where job satisfaction goes beyond financial reward.
The selection process
For your information, the interviews will start immediately, and the role may be filled before the closing date.
We embrace diversity, employing people from a variety of cultural and religious backgrounds. We take our Safeguarding responsibilities seriously and we are committed to providing an environment that is safe for children. Our stringent recruitment procedures make sure the safest and most suitable people work with the children in our programs. All successful candidates will undergo a criminal record and Working with Children check prior to employment. We provide our staff and volunteers with ongoing supervision, support and training in their work with vulnerable children and their families. World Vision Australia participates in the Inter-Agency Scheme for the Disclosure of Safeguarding-related Misconduct in Recruitment Process within the Humanitarian and Development Sector.
Who we are
World Vision is a Christian organisation that empowers everyday Australians to create meaningful change for children through relief, development and advocacy work.
We offer great benefits such as salary packaging, flexible working arrangements, free on-site parking and an onsite café for our employees.
For more information on World Vision and the work we do, please visit our website: https://www.worldvision.com.au/about-us


Advertised: 30 Mar 2022 12:00 AM AUS Eastern Daylight Time"
2,"A career at Bupa is more than just a job. It’s an opportunity to make a real difference in the lives of our customers and communities. Our purpose, helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world, is what inspires us.
You will provide an analytics and insights capability within the Healthcare Management (HCM) Data Science and Insights team, with responsibilities and accountabilities relating to the development and maintenance of Analytics and Data Science solutions that support the business units within Bupa’s HCM team and their respective strategies. You will have excellent ability to understand customer and business problems and use data to solve for complex problems across the healthcare provider space. This is a Permanent Full-Time opportunity and is based in Melbourne, Sydney, or Brisbane when you’re not working from home.
How will I help?
Providing statistical analysis encompassing Bupa Health Insurance, external, and other data to solve for complex problems across the healthcare space.
Working closely with business areas to execute on use cases that will deliver value to Bupa and our customers.
Work within the Data Science and Insights team to implement different approaches to problem solving including dashboard design, critical thinking, and statistical approaches.
Execute analytical approaches under guidance, such as scoping analysis, developing insights from health insurance claims data, and communicating outputs to stakeholders.
Support HCM in identifying trends and opportunities with a focus on generating meaningful, actionable insights for the business and utilising visualisation tools for automation and presentation of analysis.
Apply your broad skillset across data and analytics to develop and implement analytical models to support key business areas such as fraud, waste and abuse, behaviour change, contract management, data modelling, forecasting, and other complex healthcare problems.
Compile insights and recommendations into clear, concise deliverables for internal business partners, derive insights from data and communicate those insights to a non-technical audience through presentations and documentation.
What’s in it for me?

As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will partner with colleagues who are dedicated to delivering exceptional experiences. We respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.

Perk highlights:
Discount on our health insurance, travel, car, home, contents and pet insurance products as well as discounts when you attend a Bupa Dental clinic or purchase glasses from a Bupa Optical store.
A dedicated internal wellbeing team provides you with a range of services, such as a global resilience program, regular training opportunities on a range of wellbeing topics and access to a variety of wellbeing discounts.
An additional well-being day each year to treat yourself.

What do I need?
Degree in highly quantitative field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, machine learning) or equivalent experience.
Excellent communication skills - being able to both interpret and convey information in a clear, concise way with people from technical and non-technical background and use data to tell a story
Intermediate stakeholder engagement skill and demonstration of a curiosity to understand the business and develop innovate ideas to address problems and opportunities.
Experience leveraging statistical programming languages (SAS, R and/or Python for analyses (with in-depth knowledge of at least one, preferable with desired experience in SAS)
Proficiency and experience in statistical methods.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (properties of distributions, statistical hypothesis testing, experimental design) and experience applying these.
Experience with data visualization tools (Tableau or Power BI)
About Bupa Asia Pacific
Bupa is an international healthcare group which has been committed to a purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives and making a better world for more than 70 years.
Bupa Asia Pacific operates in Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong, supporting about 6.5 million customers through a broad range of health and care services including health insurance, aged care, dental, medical, optical and hearing services. Employing more than 20,000 people in the region, we believe that we can make a real difference to the lives of customers through our values, purpose and the way that we deliver personalised care.
Since 2002, we have reinvested approximately $6 billion in the region, with the Bupa Foundation investing more than $34 million to support 130+ health and care projects.
Our people reflect the diversity of our community. At Bupa, your wellbeing, identity and own story is respected and valued.
Time Type:
Full time"
3,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Be at the forefront of Sky’s new data ethics practice. Fire-up and stoke the conversation about using data in an ethical manner and its importance for Sky brand, employees and customers. Create cultural change and transform how we implement our GDPR, privacy and customer preference responses whilst ensuring conformance with Sky’s data management standards and best practice culture

What you'll do:
Acting as a champion and change agent for data ethics, and DQGE more broadly
Enabling and empowering the business to adopt data ethics best practice in their work; this could include facilitating data ethics training, supporting data science teams with the adoption of relevant tools, and introducing ethical data behaviours to the rest of the business
Owning stakeholder management strategy and communicating effectively to raise awareness of data ethics, as well as creating a space for people to discuss ethical dilemmas, express concerns and ask questions
Supporting development of data ethics tools, policies, case studies and more

What you'll bring:
Strong stakeholder relationship management skills and experience – you strive on building new networks and acting as an ambassador for a cause
Demonstrated experience in digital transformation and change management with clearly defined outcomes is considered a benefit
Ability to bridge the gap between the technical and non-technical audience
Analytical mindset and ability to quickly grasp technical concepts (experience in data science or experience in working with technical teams is a bonus)
Demonstrated interest (and experience) in digital ethics and a genuine desire to help people navigate the grey areas of doing the right thing with data
Strong organizational skills and ability to meet strict deadlines

Group Data Hub
Want to unlock the power of data? Our Group Data Hub works with millions of data transformations every day to deliver value, improve customer experience and enable new product launches. From architecture to analytics and engineering to science: it’s how we bring customers more of what they love.

The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Free access to NOW, for streaming all your favourite shows
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences

How you'll work:
We know the world has changed, and we want to offer our employees the chance to collaborate at our unique office spaces, whilst enjoying the convenience of working from home.
We've adopted a hybrid working approach to give more flexibility on where and how we work. You'll find out more about what this means for this role during the recruitment process.

Your office base:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.
Livingston Watermark House:
Our lively campus is a free shuttle bus away from Livingston South train station and the town centre. Plus there’s onsite parking available for cars, motorbikes and bicycles.
You’ll be well fed at our subsidised canteen, and you can keep in shape at our onsite gym. Or play a game of pool or table tennis.
Inclusion:
Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!
And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
4,"What you'll do as a Risk Analyst at Akuna:
We are looking for a motivated self-starter to join our growing global Risk team in our Sydney office. This role will allow you to make a direct impact by taking ownership of Risk responsibilities in the Asia- Pacific region. You will work regularly with our Head of Risk, Quantitative Risk Analyst, Traders, Risk Development team and other global functions. In this role, you will:
Work on improvements to measuring and managing market, credit and operational risk and building a strong risk culture
Maintain and improve our checks and controls and overall risk processes
Work on market and credit risk limit methodologies, and enforce violations
Design daily risk reports for management
Manage activities across all lines of business across the region especially on Risk management
Initiate and develop new Risk frameworks and ensure they are in line with local regulatory standards
Define and propose Risk strategies, and ensure they are optimal with respect to regulatory requirements and firmwide risk appetite
Requirements for the role:
Bachelors or Masters degree with applied Mathematics
Econometrics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or related fields
Numerical and quantitative fluency
Ability to work independently and think through complex and detailed problems
Strong written and verbal communication skills
An interest in options, finance, and trading
A passion for working with technical teams and learning to code in Python
Qualities that make great candidates:
Strong academic results and achievements
Any experience with finance, options or automated trading environments
Basic Python programming skills
About Akuna:
Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialise in providing liquidity as an options market maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. At Akuna we have a flat structure, where the best idea wins.
Our Founding Partners, including our CEO Andrew Killion, first conceptualised Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened our first office in 2011 in Chicago, the heart of the derivatives & options industry. Akuna then expanded to Sydney in 2018 to be the centre of our Asian trading operations, and in 2021 we moved to our Barangaroo waterfront office. We currently trade in HK, Korea, India, cryptocurrencies, and US night markets and are excited for expansions into all the major Asian exchanges. We also have offices in London, Shanghai and Boston.
At Akuna, we believe that the people are the centre of everything we do. Our Sydney office has a start-up feel with less than 200 people, which means you really get to know the team! We run social poker competitions, happy hours, have a fully stacked breakfast and snack room, host social events, go on company trips, social club events, and offer great training with our Akuna University. We are expanding rapidly and looking for the best talent to join us on this journey. If you enjoy being part of smart, driven teams with real challenges to solve- this could be the place for you!"
5,"Date: 29-Apr-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU Melbourne, VIC, AU Perth, WA, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27293


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
Do you thrive on developing creative and innovative insights to solve complex challenges? Want to work on next-generation, cutting-edge products and services that deliver outstanding value and that are global in vision and scope? Work with other experts in your field? Work for a world-class organization that provides an exceptional career experience with an inclusive and collaborative culture?

What will your typical day look like?
You will provide support for the Resource Management tool Dayshape and responsible for:

Implementing organizational delivery standards, monitoring work product quality, BA/QA resource task assignment
Determining level of effort estimations, monitoring task execution and meeting established project milestones.
Timeliness and accuracy of necessary escalations, producing and maintaining applicable project tasks and status reporting within a project team.
Documentation of formal requirements, user cases, user stories, test plans, test cases, test scripts and test suites which ensure that the software solutions developed and tested are fit for purpose, meet business needs and are operationally sustainable.
Deep troubleshooting and analytical skills
Ability to understand customer requirements and support project team in creating technical specification
Analyzes, designs, and recommends third-party tools and custom applications. Analyzes required functionality and implements customizations to platforms or develops custom solutions to fulfill business requirements.
Reviews other developers work to ensure solutions are aligned to architectural specifications and design. Investigates and corrects reported issues against existing software. Recommends performance improvements including tuning, or process changes.
Collaborates with team members to understand business requirements and create clear, technical specifications outlining the specific enhancement or functionality required. Supplies estimations, status updates, and escalations to ensure timely delivery of solutions.
Provides on-going support to business and content teams managing sites on strategic technology platform.
Provide technical oversight to project delivery team members.
Work with management and leadership to identify and prioritize business needs
Collaborates with application developers, designers, and architects to ensure a shared understanding of the detailed functional and technical requirements.
Participates in reviews of plans associated with project execution.
Responds proactively to both business and project issues and escalates appropriately.
Ensures communication of Change Management activities and confirms solution and schedule adaptability
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Prepares and maintains technical documentation.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.

About the team

At Deloitte, we expect results. Incredible—tangible—results. And Deloitte Global professionals play a unique role in delivering those results. We reach across disciplines and borders to serve our global organization. We are the engine of Deloitte. We develop and implement global strategies and provide programs and services that unite our network.

In Deloitte Global, everyone has opportunities. We see the importance of your perspective and your ability to create value. We want you to fit in—with an inclusive culture, focus on work-life fit and well-being, and a supportive, connected environment; but we also want you to stand out—with opportunities to have a strategic impact, innovate, and take the risks necessary to make your mark.

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in ""what is"" but rather ""what can be"" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

At Deloitte, we’re all about disruption. Technology has radically transformed the way we live and the way we go about business. Amongst the disruption that emerging technologies bring, we take the reins and transform our business with innovative technology and tools. Our large (and ever growing) team of specialists are exposed to new challenges and opportunities day-by-day and are supported by the business from day one.

You are someone with:
Bachelor’s degree or related experience (preferably in Computer Science/IT/Electronics)
3 + years of related Business or Reporting Analysis experience.
Experience working with Agile development processes
Deep analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong communication, technical, and remote collaboration skills are a must
Familiarity with SharePoint and automated QA tools is a plus
Leverage knowledge to understand the current business state of client and recognize gaps caused by change initiatives
Develop Strong Understanding of the Product
Capability to read and understand & analyze application architecture/design documents
Knowledge in VSTS (Azure DevOps) or any defect management tool is a plus

Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
6,"Be part of the exciting EV Industry
Join an innovative, market leading organisation
Opportunities to diversify and expand your career

About the Role
Key responsibilities for this role include, but are not limited to:

Develop, own and maintain global Charger Uptime reporting.
Report on remediation steps being taken to restore chargers.
Provide data to support root cause analysis to charger down time drivers.
Reporting against Customer Service Level agreements.
Develop a deep understanding of the drivers of charger downtime and identify systemic drivers that prevent Tritium reaching charger Up Time goals.
Manage and build relationships with key decision makers and stakeholders at the customer throughout all levels & functions (Operations, Logistics, Customer Support etc)
Work collaboratively with customer service to resolve charger downtime problems on a case-by-case basses.
Work collaboratively with customer account management to resolve charger downtime problems on a case-by-case basses.
Use quarterly steering committee meetings and partnership meetings to perform periodic sentiment check meetings to gauge overall uptime performance.
About You

Proven work experience in data analytics, reporting, stakeholder management and process improvement.
Demonstrable ability to communicate, present and influence key internal and external stakeholders at all levels of an organisation, including executive and mid level.
Solid experience with CRM software (e.g. Salesforce, Zoho CRM or HubSpot) and MS Office (particularly MS Excel and PowerPoint).
Proven ability to juggle multiple customer service projects at a time, while maintaining sharp attention to detail.
Able to deliver high quality results whilst under pressure.
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation abilities.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
BA/BS degree in Business Administration, Sales, Engineering, Finance or other relevant field.
Benefit
This is an incredible opportunity to join a thriving business that is just getting started. It is a fast-paced environment, and Tritium is kicking some major goals within the industry and their sector. Offering competitive salaries, on-site parking and plenty of growth opportunities, joining is a no brainer.

Tritium is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees"
7,"HorizonOne Recruitment is a leading specialist recruitment firm whose approach to recruitment is different. We focus on quality and service and have an in-depth understanding of our subject matter.
We don’t rely on the standard reactivate, tick n flick approach to recruitment. With our top candidates, we reverse traditional recruiting models so you are the focus of our recruiting efforts – we tailor our service to ensure we find you the best possible fit.
Take this opportunity to have someone like Lucas Walker in your corner, helping coach you through career pathway plans and understanding exactly what need – then helping you navigate the minefield of positions available to sift through the rhetoric and find the job with the right fit.
The Opportunity
Are you:
Considering what the next step is in your career?
Looking for your next interesting contract?
Thinking about what the next 5 years looks like? And how does your next role fit into your life plan?
Considering how to get to long term goals?
With the end of financial year approaching, now is the perfect time for you to evaluate and explore what’s available in the market.
Lucas Walker has a strong reputation in the market for his human centred approach to success: placing people into roles, not just matching CV’s to job descriptions. HorizonOne continues to work on understanding people, then finding roles for high performing candidates like yourself.
You will have access to a wide variety of opportunities for contracts, permanent, non-ongoing and section 26 transfers to our government, consulting and private sector clients. This also includes exclusive roles that are not available anywhere else in the market.
The Role
Just some examples of roles we have available are:
Data Analyst
Long term secure contract to June 2024
Work from home when you are up to speed
Small, high performing & fun-loving team.
Interesting and highly topical subject matter
See the positive impact of your data analysis on Australia/’s commitment to net zero emissions
Power BI Developer
Broad, immersive role working in both data and policy teams.
All levels and skillsets required.
Options to work with both cloud and on prem data.
Data scientist
Multiple positions available in the same team
Collaborative solutions to high profile real-world challenges
Build foundational analytic tools & apply the latest data analytics techniques (AI & ML)
Apply both supervised and unsupervised machine learning models
Assistant Director (Data Visualisation)
Section 26 or non-ongoing 12 months
Develop strategic insights from the data.
Work directly with SES as you identify common drivers of success or failure through analysis, collation and visualisation.
Data Analyst
Solve real world problems in this operational policy team.
Work on interesting projects rather than just BAU reporting.
See tangible impacts
12 + 6 month contract
Your Background and Experience
You are wanting to work with a recruiter who understands the evolving data discipline, who can help you advance your career.
You will have a combination of the following skills:
You can wrangle, model and analyse in one or more programming languages (preferably R, Python, SAS, SQL, Excel, SPSS, STATA)
You are experienced working with big data sets from a range of structured and unstructured sources to draw insights and visualisations
You can easily create dashboards using one or more visualisation tools (PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik, R Shiny, etc.)
You are familiar with supervised learning or unsupervised learning, NLP or a variety of data science and machine learning models.
Our clients have roles for all types of personalities from those who are happy to sit quietly in the corner (or now at home!) crunch, analyse or code through to outgoing engaging analysts who enjoy presenting or translating technical data to a non-technical audience and anyone in between.
The main requirement is a passion for data to support businesses make evidence-based decisions.
If you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below.
Australian Citizenship is mandatory.
Salary / Rate
I will work with you to understand and advise you on where the market rate is for your skills and experience for both contracts and full time salaried positions.
How to Apply


Alternatively if you are interested in having a chat about the next step in your data career please submit your CV, connect with me on LinkedIn or call the number below.
Lucas Walker // 02 6108 4878 // quoting ref no. 11189
HorizonOne is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and we encourage applications from people of all cultures, capabilities and backgrounds."
8,"Contract opportunity at one of Australia’s leading energy pioneers
Exciting 12 month contract with opportunity to develop your career
Adelaide CBD location

About the company
Santos is one of the leading independent oil and gas producers in the Asia-Pacific region, supplying the energy needs of homes, businesses and major industries throughout Australia and Asia.
Chandler Macleod, in collaboration with Santos, is currently seeking office and field-based professionals for contract opportunities across Australia.

About the role
Embedded in the Materials Management team and reporting to the Materials Manager, your role will be to apply analytical thinking and provide insights relating to supply chain data from SAP S4/HANA. This will involve performing detailed requirements analysis and recommending process and system improvements in the fields of procurement, inventory management, electronic warehouse management and transportation.
In return, this position offers you the opportunity to develop operational skills within a word-class supply chain environment, under the guidance of an experienced team who are eager for your success.
Specifically, this role will involve:
Reviewing supply chain ERP system performance and identify opportunities for improvement
Creating and validating process maps
Researching and identifying appropriate SAP solutions to business requirements, as well as collaborating with other Functional Analysts within Santos, to ensure these solutions meet broader business objectives and efficiencies
Preparing for and leading customer facing workshops
Documenting configuration, functional specifications and test cases
Preparing scopes of work and manage outsourcing activities
Providing guidance to Santos’ IS support partner with regard to business requirements
Executing of test cases
Ensuring that integration with other modules is effectively tested during integration testing prior to workbench/customized transport movement to Production client.
Providing input to the Santos ERP system leadership team

To be successful in this role, you will demonstrate
Degree Qualifications in Supply Chain Management, Computer Science or Information Systems (preferred)
ERP systems experience. Ideally, this would include exposure to SAP P2P, WM and MM
A solutions oriented approach to designing, implementing and embedding business improvements
Advanced analytical and reporting skills, particularly within MS Excel
Solid communication and consultation skills, allowing you you understand and guide discussions relating to as-is and to-be processes

How to apply
If this sounds like you, and you have the required experience, skills, and qualifications for this contract opportunity, please ‘Apply’ today. Your Chandler Macleod Consultant will be in contact to discuss your application further.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Applications close: Sunday 16Jan2022 at 11:59 pm AEDST.
Please note: To be considered for this position you must have current work rights in Australia (i.e. Australian citizenship, permanent residency or eligible working visa and be currently available for work in South Australia with no restriction).
Chandler Macleod complies with all relevant State, Territory and International Covid-19 laws and health orders, including but not limited to vaccinations, safe travel, and declarations of health. We acknowledge that these laws and health orders will vary and may change over time. We encourage all applicants to check and consider the impact of the relevant laws and health orders on your availability for employment with Chandler Macleod in this role and work location."
9,"Administration & Data Assistant
* Perth, CBD, Inner & Western Suburbs / Manufacturing, Transport & Logistics *
About the Role:
ASAP Start
5 days per week / Monday to Friday
Approximately 30 hours per week
Providing general administrative support across various departments
Review tracking system & identify trends with service failures
About you:
Intermediate Level Technology skills with Advanced Skills in Excel
Great time management skills
Previous warehouse/freight industry knowledge (desirable)
Working in a team environment as well as being able to work on your own if needed
At least 6-12 months of Data Entry/Administration skills with professional reference checks
What we offer:
Ongoing long-term work with the opportunity to go Permanent
Access to Upskilling and further online training
Job Type: Casual
Salary: $30.00 per hour
Benefits:
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplementary Pay:
Penalty rates
COVID-19 considerations:
All successful applicants must be triple vaccinated with evidence
Experience:
Administration: 1 year (Required)
Data analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Required)
Shift availability:
Day Shift (Required)"
10,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
11,"Are you an emerging sustainability professional looking to join a market leading property company? If so, we have the role for you! This Sustainability Analyst role provides the unique opportunity to combine your analytical skills with your interest in delivering world leading environmental, social and governance (ESG) outcomes.


Stockland is a global leader in sustainability, and this is your opportunity to be an integral contributor to our leadership position. You will play an important part in leading data collection and analytics ensuring we meet our ESG targets and goals. You will also lead our National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting and periodic reporting on net zero commitments. You will work closely with all members of Stockland’s growing Sustainability team, as well as development and asset managers and suppliers on diverse projects across Australia.


Stockland is an employer of choice that offers excellent work/life balance and flexibility. Don’t miss out on this great opportunity and apply today to be a part of a growing sustainability team.


What are we looking for?


We are looking for an analytical and curious personality with experience in greenhouse gas/sustainability reporting or analytics role. You will have excellent attention to detail and the ability to successfully deliver projects whilst maintaining positive relationships with a range of stakeholders. Your previous experience with external/internal data sets and reporting will see you go far in this role. We are open to considering candidates from a range of analytical backgrounds that are interested in getting into the highly sought-after sustainability area.


In addition, we are looking for:


Technical acumen with solid Excel/Word/PowerPoint skills (Power BI also highly regarded)
A passion for sustainability, data analytics and using the tools of the business to drive positive business and sustainability outcomes.
Critical thinking and analytical ability to conceptualise, apply, analyse and evaluate data.
Strong attention to detail, project and time management skills
Good communication skills, both written and verbal
Accountability, with demonstrated track record of successful delivery of positive outcomes


Why Stockland


At Stockland we are a company delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds, and we want our teams to reflect this.


We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel"
12,"Location of work – Melbourne
Job Type – contract 6mths
Job Description.:
Roles and Responsibilities
SQL data analysts integrate data from multiple data sets into one database system to streamline information.
SQL data analysts program-specific database functions to create database triggers and design data tables.
After reviewing and analyzing data, SQL data analysts design reports showing statistics and other information about specific database topics.
SQL data analysts remove dead data files and other irrelevant information to free up database space.
SQL data analysts write scripts to analyze data and perform specific data queries.
SQL data analysts isolate and resolve issues with data and databases.
SQL data analysts collect data from multiple sources and add it to the database.
Desired Candidate Profile
Programming SQL data analysts have strong programming skills, particularly in SQL, structured query language, and other common programming languages
Computer skills because SQL data analysts perform their work on computers, highly advanced computer skills are required for this job
Mathematics – SQL data analysts use math to write complex scripts and queries in SQL and other programming languages
Analytical thinking – sharp analytical thinking is essential for SQL data analysts, who analyze specific data sets and statistics
Attention to detail – SQL data analysts must be highly detail-oriented to write SQL programs and monitor data
Multitasking – SQL data analysts work with multiple data sources and data sets, which requires a talent for multitasking
Cloud – working experience on AWS,AZURE
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role.
you can submit your resume to hr@inkitsolutions.com.au as well
About INKIT Solutions
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
13,"Who we are…
PLAYGROUND XYZ is an advertising technology business headquartered in Sydney with operations in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, London, Los Angeles and New York.
Our mission is to master the art and science of maximizing attention. To do this, we’ve built the world’s first AI that can measure how long an ad was looked at (a metric we call Attention Time). Fuelled and verified by real eye tracking data, but able to throw off the shackles of panels and instead scale infinitely across the world wide web, our AI is set to revolutionize the way that digital media is measured, bought and sold.
We’re a fast growing business with every major agency group and a great list of top tier publishers using our technology. We’re a team of mobile experts with an unrelenting focus on quality products and tech.
Our tech is being used by top 100 brands across the globe. We’ve won coveted ‘Marketing Technology Company of the Year’ awards from both B&T and Mumbrella and featured twice as a Rising Star in the Deloitte Fast 50 Technology Awards.We’re a passionate, enthusiastic team who are genuinely spending our days doing what we love the most – creating new disruptive technologies and products for big brands.
The opportunity…
We’re looking for a talented and passionate product analyst to join our team responsible for collecting the data that fuels our attention AI. In this role, you’ll be collaborating with a cross-functional product team to solve challenging problems which sit at the heart of what we do. As part of your day to day, you’ll also be taking the reins of our panel operations ensuring the continuous delivery of high-quality attention data.
If you love deep diving into complex problems, have an interest in process engineering and are passionate about product development… then this role is for you!
What you’ll be doing…
Working with a cross-functional product team to discover solutions to complicated technical, UX and process problems.
Taking a leading role in defining user stories that deliver value to our business and customers.
Managing agile delivery cycles and ensuring the team is engaged, empowered and all moving to the same beat.
Leading the QA processes for the product and helping to ensure that only top quality features get shipped.
Assist in conducting research and interacting with customers to understand their needs, obtain product feedback and optimise the customer experience.
Taking ownership of our panel operations function and ensuring that data collection across the business is delivered on time at the required levels of quality.
Working closely with our Chief Scientist and other stakeholders to define data collection requirements.
Who you are…
You have 3+ years of experience in a business/product analyst type role, with an outstanding track record of delivering world-class digital products.
An A-class communicator with a deep bag of tricks for conveying complex concepts and thinking.
You love deep diving into complex problems and navigating through uncertainty to discover smart and innovative solutions.
You’re not afraid to roll up your sleeves and step outside of your comfort zone.
Competent in data analysis and data wrangling.
Strong knowledge of agile product delivery.
Technically savvy, with a good grasp of software architecture and a genuine passion for technology.
You put a focus on building strong working relationships with all of your stakeholders whether they’re technical or business.
Bonus points for…
Experience in the advertising/media industry or panel management.
Able to query data, understand end to end data pipelines and cloud data warehousing platforms such as BigQuery, Athena or Snowflake.
Tertiary qualifications in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics).
The perks…
The opportunity to ride a rocket ship. You’ll play a pivotal part in our business during its ‘scale up’ phase by supporting the delivery of game-changing new products.
An amazing company culture, driven by passionate people who love their work, but also love to have FUN!
The opportunity to work with some cutting edge technologies as well as the freedom to continue to push the boundaries of what we do.
Career progression galore. The company is growing at a crazy rate and you will be too!
A progressive work from home policy.
A competitive salary package."
14,"At Allianz, we care for all the things that make you, you. For feeling like you belong. For a place where learning never stops. For growing new skills and opening up exciting possibilities. For your curiosity to thrive and help transform an industry. And when life twists, there's flex for balance and the support you need. So, come and share your ideas, give back and feel proud to be part of a company doing work that matters across climate change and mental health. Let's care for everyone's tomorrow so we can create a better future together.
Looking for a role that allows you to take deep ownership of your work?
Due to an internal move we have a rare opportunity to join our Financial Assurance team. Reporting into Manager, Financial Assurance the primary purpose of this role is to assist in the completion of financial reviews of intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.

You'll be responsible for:

Assisting in the development and implementation of a valuation and review framework to assess the financial viability of proposed intermediary remuneration agreements, and other strategic arrangements and business cases.
Working collaboratively with other departments to understand value drivers and to gain a strategic view of the proposed arrangements whilst also challenging these assumptions to ensure a robust valuation is presented.
Assiting in preparing reports to present to senior management
Assessing the impact of any risk indicators or issues as well as internal and external audit findings on financial reporting
Working with the wider Finance team, 1st and 2nd line Risk and the business to assist in identifying key financial reporting risks and mapping these to key processes and controls. Escalating any gaps and future areas of risk to relevant stakeholders.
Important to your success:

Experience in an analyst, audit or risk and compliance role, for a complex, organisation.
Demonstrated technical understanding of design and operating effectiveness of controls.
Proven analytical and critical thinking capability to interpret a range of data, identify patterns, trends and links that inform judgements and solutions.
Ability to interpret and analyse complex information, extract meaningful insights and evaluate options for decision making.
Ability to plan and prioritise effectively organise tasks and manage competing resources and demands
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, capable of communicating with audiences at all levels with clarity, impact and influence.
What's on offer?


What matters to you, matters to us too. Feel supported to have open, honest conversations about the flex you need so that you're able to take care of your personal wellbeing and deliver your best work.
You'll be given the opportunity to make a meaningful impact on how we do things
Learn through being supported and encouraged to take on new challenges that will help you to develop new skills
Feel supported to give something a go - try different things, take on new responsibilities and explore opportunities
Want to fast-track your career? We'll help you to find the right projects, opportunities and training to develop the capabilities you need to go further, faster
Walk straight into stable, high-trust client relationships that will enable you to confidently deliver meaningful outcomes to your clients from day one
About us
Allianz is one of the most trusted insurance and asset management companies in the world. Caring for our employees, their ambitions, dreams and challenges, is what makes us a unique employer. Together we can build an environment where everyone feels empowered and has the confidence to explore, to grow and to shape a better future for our customers and the world around us.
Allianz is committed to enabling a culture where inclusion is embedded, everyone belongs and new ideas are embraced. We welcome and value talent from all backgrounds, experiences and ways of working Please advise us if you require any reasonable adjustments to fully participate in the recruitment process or perform the requirements of the role.
Let's care for tomorrow. For a career with plenty of room to grow. Care to join us? www.allianz.com.au/careers
We are a 2022 Circle Back Initiative Employer – we commit to respond to every applicant.
#LIAllianz-AU"
15,"As a delivery-oriented Business Analyst or Senior Business Analyst, with strong data management experience, you will work with stakeholders to understand business processes and data flows. This may include metadata management for use of business glossary, data linage, data dictionaries, and data governance tools. You should be able to translate technical concepts into business concepts that non-technical people can easily understand.
In this role, you will be required to work across multiple business groups and build and maintain strong relationships. You will use your ability to influence and support a diverse set of stakeholder Groups to contribute to the completion of the data deliverables within a project/change initiative. This role will allow you to expand your experience in understanding frameworks and capabilities and applying them to new systems and scenarios in a way that you can communicate to the business and embed practices with Data Owners and Data Stewards.
Day to day, you will be responsible for:
Use requirement gathering skills to build the understanding of the end-to-end business processes in scope of the change, concepts, terms & definitions, and high-level architectural design
Work with the Group data team to define the critical data in preparation for presentation and approval at internal Data Working Groups and Councils. Also facilitate change forums related to data, ensuring a robust process is set up and data is governed and fit for purpose for changes across systems and databases
Plan and execute initiatives to implement data management practices for good data quality outcomes including reference data and master data across the data landscape. This include identifying the data in scope of the project and critical data points by making use of Group data guidelines and use definitions and technical specification skills to ensure that the right data will be captured within the expected format/structure to ensure quality data.
Analyze and Identify Data Quality issues with the data in scope and facilitate the determination of issue impact, root cause and resolution options; work with Product Owners, Systems teams, Business Operations, and Project Teams to deliver good data management practices into project delivery, supporting changes to processes and behaviors.
Engage a diverse set of business stakeholders to assist you with capturing metadata, business data lineage, data ownership across the data lifecycle, business & Data Quality rules and establishing data quality measuring and monitoring.
For data migration initiatives or reporting transformation, you will be required to complete/validate source to target mapping, capture whether data needs to be cleansed, constructed, or transformed, obtain business approval of the mapping document, conduct data impact assessments and gap analysis on legacy systems, reports, or change initiatives to understand data and reporting requirements.
What skills will you use?
To be successful in this role, you will bring with you 5+ years Business Analyst experience working with Data, data warehousing, BI, data migration or analytics projects.
Strong delivery skills gained through project experience, in both planning and delivery capacity
Strong communication across a broad set of business and technology stakeholders
Ability to translate frameworks and operating models into implementation
Good understanding of data quality, reference data, master data, metadata management concepts and real world application
Experience with data mapping and tracing data lineage
Experience defining data quality rules or requirements / business rules / data controls
Experience across Salesforce (CRM, Workflow, Transaction management), Loan or trade systems, data lakes and data warehousing or data governance/meta data management tools (Axiom, Collibra, ICG) will be highly regarded.
If this sounds like you, please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About Macquarie Capital
Macquarie Capital offers global capability in M&A Advisory, Debt and Equity Capital Markets, Principal Finance, and Equity Trading and Research underpinned by deep specialist expertise across a range of sectors. Our people are empowered to think innovatively to address client challenges and originate opportunities, thinking beyond individual transactions to become a trusted adviser and partner over the long haul. From origination to execution, our unique combination of ideas, capital and expertise is transforming opportunity into reality for our clients and partners around the world.
With staff in 35 offices transacting across 31 countries, Macquarie Capital is a truly global business. A role in the team will expose you to a dynamic working environment and the opportunity to contribute to high-profile transactions whilst working in a business with the best people in the industry.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: MacCap-961814
Work type: Maximum term, Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Macquarie Capital
Division: Central
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 14/12/2021"
16,"Classification: APS Level 6
Location: Sydney, Canberra, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Perth, Hobart
Division/Section: Strategy & Planning / Strategic Analytics
Reports to: Assistant Director Data Analytics
Employment status: Ongoing / Non-ongoing (temporary) *
Hours: Full time - 37.5 hours per week
Security clearance: Baseline Vetting
Salary: $87,725.71 - $98,327.39 p.a. plus 15.4% super
Closing date: Sunday, 22 May 2022
Contact for questions: Mark Wicht – Ph: (02) 8233 7875
AFSA actively promotes flexibility with working options in this role to support your family
commitments and personal interests
This recruitment process is being used to fill a current ongoing position in either our Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne,
Perth, Hobart or Sydney office. A merit pool of suitable candidates may be established as a result of this process to assist AFSA
to fill similar ongoing and non-ongoing positions that may become available over the next 12 months. Non-ongoing positions
may be offered for a period of up to 18 months with the possibility of extension (up to a total period of 3 years). Should a non-
ongoing position become ongoing or should an ongoing position become available, the merit pool established by this process
may be used to determine a suitable candidate(s).
)
Eligibility
Please note that this opportunity is open only to Australian Citizens. The successful applicant must have,
or be willing to undergo a security clearance to the level of Baseline Vetting as a condition of
employment.
To satisfy character requirements all AFSA employees must undergo a police records check. Where a
person has received a redundancy benefit from APS agency employment and their corresponding
redundancy benefit period has not expired, they may be ineligible for employment.
About the area
The Strategy and Planning Division is responsible for shaping the agency’s strategic agenda and
positioning AFSA as an agency striving to be a world class service provider and firm and fair regulator.
The Division responsibilities include: 
Managing the Enterprise Strategy and associated planning for AFSA, including drawing insights
from a range of sources to provide advice to enable effective decisions 
Guiding and supporting the Program Governance Committees to take a strategic approach to
policy development 
Managing the data analytics capability for the agency, including providing insights to both internal
and external users to inform performance of the agency and the economy 
Managing the agency’s parliamentary and reporting responsibilities 
Support the agency’s service improvement culture by reviewing insights from feedback and
working with divisions on the transformation 
Delivering internal and external communications across the agency, including AFSA’s approach
to stakeholder engagement 
Delivering the annual report and other key strategic documents
The Data Analytics Section plays a key role in coordinating business insights across the agency as well
as providing data analytic functions, including research and the publication of the agency’s statistical
data. The section leads AFSA’s analytical capability by providing an array of services including quality
advice, analysis and modelling, and trusted statistics on topics relevant to AFSA, our Minister and
portfolio, other key government stakeholders, as well as the financial services sector.
Purpose of the position
The Senior Data Analyst will contribute to the agencies strategic approach to data and insights, which
includes delivering statistical advices, analyses and publications. The Senior Data Analyst will be
responsible for working with disparate data sources, including financial, demographic and geospatial
data sources, to extract, consolidate and analyse regulatory data for different audiences, internal and
external to AFSA.
)
Key Accountabilities
As the Senior Data Analyst, you will: 
Actively contribute to the Data Analytics Section’s commitment to delivering high quality statistical
advices, timely reports and the development of regulatory program insights. 
Support the Assistant Director of Data Analytics to deliver statistical publications, data quality
initiatives, data integrity and data analyses to internal and external stakeholders. 
Interpret data requirements and extract regulatory program data to service ad-hoc data requests
and support the development of data-driven insights. 
Analyse datasets utilising tools like Excel, SQL and other analytical products to contribute to
regulatory program insights and data integrity. 
Develop dashboards, codify business requirements and deliver program insights using PowerBI
and/or Tableau. 
Apply data storytelling skills and communicate effectively with a diverse range of stakeholders
from both technical and non-technical backgrounds. 
Actively contribute to data sharing activities and promote data linkage initiatives by applying
current privacy and data governance practices.
Skills and Capabilities


Services 
Communicates simply and clearly 
Collaborates internally and externally
Data and Compliance 
Understand and uses data effectively 
Uses information to make evidence-based decisions
Governance 
Operates efficiently to achieve business outcomes 
Demonstrates judgment and common sense
Technology 
Applies digital dexterity 
Drives innovation and continuous improvement
Qualifications, accreditations and experience
To be successful in this role, you will have: 
A tertiary qualification in applied finance, engineering, mathematics, statistics or other
quantitative discipline. 
Demonstrated experience (3 – 6 years) working as a Data Analyst in the financial services,
regulation or other related industry delivering reports and publications.
)

Strong data storytelling and data visualisation skills, with the ability to communicate findings to a
range of stakeholders. 
Strong understanding of data management best practices and the Australian public data system. 
Demonstrated competence in data analysis and statistical modelling using tools such as Stata,
SAS, R, Python etc is desirable but not essential.
Application details
The application is the tool that the selection committee will use to shortlist applicants.
Your application must include:
1. A completed Position Application Form (available on the AFSA website)
2. A current Resume/ CV including contact details for at least two recent referees
3. A two-page pitch, that considers the key responsibilities and essential capabilities of the position
and states the following:


Why you are interested in the position 
How your skills and experience make you the best person for the position 
What value you can add to AFSA and the Strategy and Planning Division.
4. State the position title and location in the subject line and email: recruitment@afsa.gov.au
Applications must be submitted no later than Sunday, 22 May 2022.
A selection decision may be made on the basis of your application only. A telephone interview may be
conducted in the first instance. Candidates may also be required to undergo psychometric and/or work
sample testing as part of this selection process.
All pre-employment checks will be conducted via an external party (Equifax). For further information on
Equifax’s privacy policy please refer to: https://www.equifax.com.au/privacy
We encourage applications from Indigenous Australians, peoples from culturally diverse
backgrounds and people with disabilities. We are committed to providing a working environment
that values diversity and supports staff to reach their full potential.
If you are an applicant with a disability or other special needs, please contact the Disability Access
Coordinator on (02) 8233 6999 to discuss any requirements that may assist you in your application.
Thank you for your interest in this position.
)"
17,"We are looking for an Operational Data Analyst to provide operational data analytics support to our Field teams and across our business, while seated within the Data Analytics Team. This position is responsible for data analysis and the creation and maintenance of reporting dashboards and will work closely with Data Scientists and Analysts in the Data Analytics Team.
About Saluda
Saluda Medical is the pioneer in closed-loop Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS), a ground-breaking SCS therapy that can measure the spinal cord’s response to stimulation and make real-time adjustments to therapy. We are a cutting edge, progressive Australian based Medical Device company with offices and employees based in Europe, Australia, and the U.S We are at the forefront of spinal cord stimulation technologies for the management of chronic pain.
Our team is made up of world-class engineers, clinicians, and seasoned professionals with experience in bringing medical technologies to life.
What we’re looking for
As our experienced Operational Data Analyst, you are driven by passion to use data to improve patient outcomes and drive real world therapy innovation in a commercial environment. Take ownership and responsibility for maintaining the quality of our operational data collection, performing data analysis, and creating and maintaining reporting dashboards in support of our international operation teams. As we go through explosive growth, this is a rare opportunity to support and improve our field operations and to work with R&D teams and Analysts/Data Scientists at the forefront of neuromodulation science and engineering.
Accountabilities and Associated Responsibilities:
Serve as the hub for data requests from our global Field Teams (primarily European and Australian teams).
Ensure integrity of data collection and flow through Saluda by managing and monitoring entry, validation, and analysis of patient device data from a wide range of data sources, including medical devices and clinical studies.
Design, create and maintain up-to-date patient data dashboards, reports and visualisations for Field team case review meetings and external presentations.
Understand, troubleshoot and optimise field issues as required. As applicable, report and track issues to closure.
Work with the data analytics team and software engineering to develop a data management plan and analytics support tools.
Conduct exploratory and statistical analysis on relevant data sources to meet stakeholder needs and improve patient outcomes.
Performs duties in compliance with Saluda Medical’s Management System comprising the company policies regarding health, safety and environmental compliance.
About you:
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated outcome-oriented focus and strong technical skills, balanced with a research background and ability to understand and drive hypothesis-driven analyses with biomedical/neuromodulation data. Have several years of hands-on commercial experience working with data and meeting the needs of a diverse range of stakeholders. You enjoy the prospect of working for a company experiencing rapid growth, and you are comfortable with working in a dynamic changing environment.
Essential Requirements
At minimum, a technical bachelor’s degree in Biomedical Engineering/Biological Sciences/Software/Electrical/Mathematics or related discipline.
2+ years of relevant commercial / industry analytics experience, including statistical hypothesis testing. Additional research experience highly regarded.
Intermediate to advanced Python programming skills, applied in a commercial environment.
Demonstrated experience designing, creating and using data visualisation and dashboarding tools to support data-driven commercial decisions. Power BI experience desirable.
Intermediate database manipulation and development skills, applied in a commercial environment.
Experience collecting and determining design requirements to meet user needs.
Pragmatic ability to produce top quality work under tight deadlines, and to find practical and innovative solutions to complex and ambiguous problems.
Excellent communication and organisation skills that are effective in driving outcomes with diverse international stakeholders. Must have demonstrated ability to present and communicate technical concepts to technical, business, physician and lay audiences.
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
This role requires flexible work hours, particularly evening work, to enable meetings with our global field teams in Europe and the United States.
This role may include domestic and/or international travel.
Desirable* Requirements*
Passion for technological innovation, helping patients, and building lasting relationships with end customers.
Strong ability to gather feedback from partnered physicians, prioritise clinical needs, and translate needs into specific clinical systems requirements, architecture, and interface specifications.
A demonstrated ability to work with staff at different levels within investigator sites and an ability to deal sensitively with people from different cultures.
Undergraduate or postgraduate degree with extensive experience of biostatistics.
Experience with cloud-based data platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Experience in medical device design, development and regulatory requirements.
At Saluda, we challenge boundaries. We innovate and think beyond the conventional. We disrupt.
Are you Ready to Join? If you would like to be part of our team developing the world's next generation of implantable device technology, enjoy working with complex systems, and working through challenges knowing your indirectly contributing to making an impact to patient care then this is the opportunity for you! Please APPLY NOW!
Applications will only be considered from candidates who have the appropriate approval to work in Australia, no visa or sponsorship support is available for this role.
Saluda Medical is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to building a team that value the variety of unique experiences , qualities, characteristics, and skills. We believe people are the source of our inspiration and innovation , sharing and learning from each other embracing a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Saluda Medical is a class 3 medical device company; we support the health of our patients, our vendors and our employees. Therefore, we request that all those joining our team are fully vaccinated against Covid-19. Please do let us know if you would have any concerns around providing us with a record of your current vaccination status should you be successful in this role.
All eligible candidates are invited to apply; We respectfully ask for no agency approaches
Location
Artarmon, New South Wales
Department
406 - Therapy Development Support
Employment Type
Full-Time
Minimum Experience
Mid-level
Job Type: Full-time"
18,"Description
Location of work-Australian Capital Territory
Length of contract-12 Months ( possible 6 Month Extensions )
Security clearance-Must have current baseline clearance
1. Demonstrated experience analysing and producing data visualisations and analytics tools to allow users to explore data and personalised insights.
2. Represent the department in negotiations to access and agree usage parameters for data sources.
3. Explain methodologies for the representation of data to non-technical audiences in formal and informal settings.
4. Curation, QA and automation of datasets to power online tools and information.
Essential criteria
Demonstrated experience analysing and producing data visualisations and analytics tools to allow users to explore data and personalised insights.-25%
Represent the department in negotiations to access and agree usage parameters for data sources.-25%
Explain methodologies for the representation of data to non-technical audiences in formal and informal settings.-25%
Curation, QA and automation of datasets to power online tools and information.-25%
Desirable criteria
Exposure and demonstrated experience applying data science methodologies to provide informed insights to users.
Email your resume to ramani@inkitsolutions.com.au
Please note only shortlisted candidates will be contacted for the role
INK IT Solutions is a global IT consulting company, dedicated towards maximizing our client’s performance and help them achieve their vision. The company started in Australia in 2013 and now employs more than 150 people in 4 countries."
19,"This role’s main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user acceptance testing. To succeed in this role you should have a natural analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users.
Location
Brisbane, Australia or Austin, Texas, USA
Responsibilities
Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.
Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems.
Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings.
Performing requirements analysis.
Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts.
Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
Working closely with clients and team members.
Allocating resources and maintaining cost efficiency.
Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements.
Performing user acceptance testing.
Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures.
Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements.
Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users.
Managing competing resources and priorities.
Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.
Preferred Qualifications
A bachelor’s degree in business or related field or an MBA.
A minimum of 5 years experience in business analysis or a related field.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills.
Fundamental analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
A track record of following through on commitments.
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
Experience leading and developing top performing teams.
A history of leading and supporting successful projects.
Desire to join a startup environment
Why You’re Going to Love Working with One Model (aka, Benefits)
Healthcare Reimbursement Program - Healthy employees are happy employees. Get reimbursed for medical, dental, vision, and/or other qualified healthcare-related expenses. (For US employees)
Unlimited PTO - Relax and recharge with One Model’s generous vacation policy. (For US employees)
Profit Sharing - When One Model wins, the whole team wins. Enjoy monthly bonuses that reflect the company’s successes.
Supportive Team - Join a team that wants to see you succeed! We’ll give you help when you need it, and autonomy to kill it on your own when you don’t.
Awesome Company - Join a team that’s passionate about what we do, work with customers who LOVE the product, and join an industry that’s excited about One Model’s solution!
About One Model
One Model provides a comprehensive suite of people analytics directly from various HR technology platforms to measure all aspects of the employee lifecycle. Use its out-of-the-box integrations, metrics, analytics, and dashboards, or create your own. One Model’s newest tool, One AI, integrates cutting-edge machine learning capabilities into its current platform, equipping HR professionals with readily-accessible, unparalleled insights from their people analytics data."
20,"As Novon grows our Business Consulting Practice is continuing to expand and we have another opportunity for an experienced Technical Business Analyst to join our growing on-site team.

To be a part of our expert team we are searching for Business Analysts who have a strong passion for data, problem solving, delivering high quality solutions for our customers. Your first assignment within the Novon team will be working for one of our key customers who have a high profile project to uplift their enterprise data platform from on-prem for their HR Data.

This role will include a focus and drive for data remodelling, working closely with Product Lead, Architects and Engineers to map technical design solutions.

To be successful:

Extensive Business Analysis skills in a Data environment
Experience working on large data/integration projects
Ability to document source data identify issues/inefficiencies in current state
Knowledge of data warehouse and data modelling principles and schema
Work very closely with senior stakeholders to design solutions
Who we are: Novon are a growing consultancy headquartered in Sydney. We are focused on building our expertise around Data, Integration and Business Consultancy and are technology agnostic ensuring that our customers get the best solution for their business. This is an exciting time to join the team, with many opportunities for you to develop outside of your comfort zone and help build a best in class consulting organisation.

Why work at Novon?

Interesting and diverse projects with customers such as large retail, investment and neo banks, transport, and government
Locally based projects for locally based consultants
Meritocracy – you are valued for how good you are and what you do, not your tenure
Regular check points and social events (currently remotely) and monthly team meetings
Value sharing knowledge and helping to build other skills and experience.
Help you grow both technical and consulting skills.
We live our values of Be Innovative, Be Humble, Be Yourself.
To apply to this role please click the link. For other opportunities please check out our careers page at novon.com.au"
21,"Initial 6 + 6 month contract to commence in July 2022 paying up to $950/day
Brisbane CBD location with some WFH flexibility

Our client, a newly formed federal government agency, are currently seeking a Business Analyst for an initial 6 + 6 month contract opportunity.

The successful candidate will have a broad range of skills who can work with internal and external stakeholders/vendors to deliver outcomes for people affected by natural disasters Australia. You will be joining a multi-talented and diverse team.

The Business Analyst will:
Conduct consultations with internal and external stakeholders and build stakeholder maps.
Facilitate workshops with key business stakeholders and subject matter experts.
Document business processes (as-is and to-be)
Initial 6 + 6 month contract to commence in July 2022 paying up to $950/day
Brisbane CBD location with some WFH flexibility

Our client, a newly formed federal government agency, are currently seeking a Business Analyst for an initial 6 + 6 month contract opportunity.

The successful candidate will have a broad range of skills who can work with internal and external stakeholders/vendors to deliver outcomes for people affected by natural disasters Australia. You will be joining a multi-talented and diverse team.

The Business Analyst will:
Conduct consultations with internal and external stakeholders and build stakeholder maps.
Facilitate workshops with key business stakeholders and subject matter experts.
Document business processes (as-is and to-be)
Provide guidance and expert advice regarding businesses process design.
Communicate and validate business processes & solutions with business leaders and the user community
Contribute to the efficient and effective analytical support for the Agency assisting it to achieve its objectives with key focus areas
Work collaboratively with the project team to provide advice and assistance on best practice approach to BI tailored to a small Agency.
Develop appropriate processes and governance for data requests, data collections, data survey, report, development, testing and publishing
Essential criteria;
Must be an Australian Citizen as the successful candidate will be required to obtain baseline security clearance
5 years + hands-on Business Analysis experience in an enterprise environment with a focus on data sharing projects.
Strong experience and understanding of business process modelling, mapping, and data modelling.
Significant experience performing requirements analysis using tools, methods and communication techniques to extract, develop, validate and document business requirements.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to negotiate and express ideas logically across all audience levels.
A high-level of motivation and demonstrable ability to solve complex problems and deliver high quality solutions under tight timelines.
To submit your application, in strict confidence, please submit your resume in Word Format using the appropriate link quoting reference No. 214843. Should you require further information please email kristy.coulter@hudson.com

Your interest will be treated in the strictest of confidence."
22,"Job Description:
REQUIREMENT
Must Have strong PL/SQL knowledge
Must have experience about Customer’s stakeholder’s management
Experience with Hadoop Technology stack (HIVE) - Desirable
Experience with multiple architectures/data model patterns for data warehousing/analytics platforms, with an understanding of the pros and cons of each approach, especially as they apply to the strengths and weaknesses of different platforms (eg. HDFS vs Teradata)
Good to have knowledge in SQL Performance tuning
Must have experience in data projects
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Visa Status / Working Rights
Notice Period
Salary Exception
Personal Email
Experience:
Senior Data Technical Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
23,"Business Analyst
Grade: Clerk 7/8 (Salary $99,431 - $110,064 per annum + super)
Duration: Ongoing (A talent pool may be created for possible other opportunities)
Location: Gosford or Parramatta (Flexible)
Closing Date: Wednesday, 1 June 2022 (9:59am)
About the Team
The Application and Digital Development Team contributes to the planning, design, and creation of new digital solutions. Our team works on the amendment, verification and testing of new software. We also improve multimedia applications, web parts, and amend integration issues.
Our team is acknowledged for its completion of urgent ministerial projects. We are known to work at a rapid pace to deliver and transform solutions to meet legislative reforms. We leverage technology to improve business efficiencies and processes.
We work collaboratively with many teams across BRD and DCS to deliver our work, for example the successful implementation of the delivery of the Rental Assistance Support Package and Same Day Delivery of alcohol data collection. If you’d like to be part of a modern team creating tools that deliver positive change within the community, read on.
Key responsibilities

Identify and analyse business processes, systems and requirements to document and recommend improvements enhance business operations and performance
Assist in the development, facilitation, coordination and communication of initiatives and strategies applying best practice methodologies to ensure organisational consistency and improved business performance
Liaise with the internal customers and stakeholders to review and monitor effectiveness of tools, systems, methods, and standards to ensure consistency, Human Centred Design elements, customer insights and quality of outcomes
Provide technical support and advice on products and systems to users across multiple locations, platforms and technologies and help build internal capability
Key challenges

Ensuring business improvements and functionality is implemented whilst adhering to required timeframes for the delivery of change management and implementation plans
Negotiating and influencing stakeholders on organisational priorities and deliverables while establishing effective relationships to develop trust and ensure reliable and accurate information
Maintaining up to date knowledge of relevant operational issues, industry trends and opportunities given potentially competing priorities
Would you be successful in this role?

Are you experienced with digital projects and look at a system or process and immediately start to think about how you could make it more efficient or easier to use?
Are you a high-level thinker who enjoys solving problems with and for customers?
This role is in a fast-paced domain. As the successful candidate you must be able to prioritise workload and manage this accordingly. You must have a passion for innovation and delivering exceptional customer experiences
Do you have previous experience working in Agile and rapid development environments?
If you said yes to the above, we want to hear from you.
For enquiries regarding this position please contact Karla Reid on 02 4321 5834
Department of Customer Service (DCS) is transforming the way NSW Government agencies interact with customers. We are passionate about putting the customer at the centre of everything we do and adopting state of the art technologies to make government work better.
Better Regulation Division (BRD) works across a broad portfolio of functions and projects to deliver better regulation in NSW. These regulators include SafeWork NSW and NSW Fair Trading. These regulators are modern, innovative, and collaborative. They promote harm prevention by informing, educating, and engaging with communities and industries. NSW government strives to be the worlds’ most customer centric government.
How to Apply
Your application must include a cover letter of no more than 2 pages and an up-to-date resume (no more than 5 pages) that details your knowledge, skills, and experience in relation to the role description and outline above.
Please note that suitability assessments will be conducted for this role. This involves submitting your application for review, an interview, workplace assessment and reference checks.
A talent pool may be created from this recruitment action for future temporary or ongoing vacancies in roles with similar capability requirements.
About this role
Salary Grade 7/8, with the base salary for this role starting at $99,431 base plus superannuation

Based on our current Work, Health and Safety (WHS) requirements, and in line with our Mandatory Vaccination Policy, it is a condition of engagement for a role within Service NSW/Department of Customer Service that staff be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Successful applicants will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. Any relevant medical circumstances impacting on the ability to obtain a COVID-19 vaccination will be considered. These requirements apply to both internal and external preferred candidates and must be completed prior to commencing in the position. If you have a medical contraindication which may prevent you from complying with this requirement, please contact Bethany.Jones@customerservice.nsw.gov.au to discuss your circumstances.
Closing Date: Wednesday,1 June 2022 (9:59am)
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service, and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Visit our Careers site to find out what it means to work for us.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Flexibility
We are committed to diversity, inclusion, and new ways of working.

The Department of Customer Service serves all the people of NSW and we want to reflect that diversity in our people. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQA+ community, veterans, carers, refugees, people in regional NSW and people of all ages. We strive to be an inclusive workplace where all our people can bring their authentic selves to work without judgement.

We understand that there are different ways of getting the job done and offer flexible working arrangements where and when possible.

If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form or contact the recruiter via Bethany.Jones@customerservice.nsw.gov.au or ."
24,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.

We implement information-driven strategies and systems that help grow, optimize and protect client organizations.

We go beyond strategy and provide end to end implementation of real-life data environments and have some of the best architects, project managers, business analysts, data scientists, big data engineers, developers and consultants in the region.

We are seeking Spatial Analysts familiar with both ESRI Suite of Products and FME (Feature Manipulation Engine) at Senior Consultant level to join our EY Data and Analytics team in our Perth office. This role is offered on a flexible, full-time basis.

Your key responsibilities

Responsible for visualising, transforming, and analysing spatial data with ArcGIS Pro/Desktop, FME and open source software
Responsible for developing batch ingestion and data transformation routines using ETL tools (such as FME Desktop, FME Server, Alteryx etc) or other ingestion techniques
Present data in graphs, charts, tables, etc. and designing and developing relational databases for collecting data
Keep a track of trends, patterns and correlation in case of complex data sets

Skills and attributes for success

Experience with ESRI suite of products (ideally ArcGIS Pro and ArcGIS Online/Enterprise) and other open source GIS software (ideally 3+ years)
Configuration and coordination of FME and other data pipelines across projects
Data pipeline development, including FME Desktop & Server, Azure Data Factory, AWS Kinesis, Spark (ideally 3+ Years)
Data and Reporting Platform development on environments using technologies such as Microsoft Azure, SAP BW, Teradata, PowerBI or Cognos
A strong background in coding with possible experience with Python, JavaScript, SQL or R

Ideally, you’ll also have

Experience in engaging with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Consulting experience and background, including engaging directly with clients
Experience in a delivery role on Spatial Analytics, Remote Sensing, Business Intelligence or Big Data projects
Exceptional communication, documentation and presentation skills

What we offer

A tech career @ EY means working with 40,000 fellow technologists who are creating cutting edge applications in blockchain, AI, cloud, analytics, robotics and cyber, harnessing tech to power the human enterprise and build a more equitable, sustainable world. We offer world class training and a free Tech MBA to all our people.

Globally at EY, we are committed to offer

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable, and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider."
25,"Service Management Analyst
Customer Services & Technology Division
Adelaide Based, Full Time position
How will I help?
The Technology Service Desk is the voice of our internal customers and within the Service Enablement team you will be undertaking analysis, to producing insights and recommendations, that will insure there is continuous improvement of our service and increase our performance, having a real impact on our customers’ experience.
In this role you will work across two key areas: Shift Left and Automation Identification. Our Shift left strategy is to identify volume that is currently resolved by upper technical support teams that could be onboarded to be resolved within the Technology Service Desk. While Automation Identification would seek to identify instances of troubleshooting that could be transferred into a One-Click Automated Solution. The identification is the key piece here, you are not expected to also create the automation.
What will I do?
Liaise with stakeholders within the department and across Customer Services & Technology to understand situations and enable problems to be defined with clarity and precision, solicit requirements, and deliver actionable insights and recommendations
Contribute to the capability to determine insights, utilising a range of data sources, and recommendations for shift left and automation opportunities
Contribute to initiatives for Continuous Service Improvement
Perform trend analysis against agreed performance baselines
Contribute to the definition, review and enhancement of methods, tools, policies, and standards to meet the requirements for assigned area of responsibility
What’s in it for me?
Joining Westpac has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Essential:
Experience using predictive modelling to highlight insight and automation opportunities, highly desirable if this experience involves the use of Splunk
Experience applying machine learning techniques, statistical and data mining techniques (regression, statistical tests and proper usage, random forest, clustering, decision tree learning, deep learning text mining etc.) in solving real-life problems, preferably in ITSM domain
Ability to apply your skills and experience to a team early in their data journey.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as part of a team
Ability to communicate with confidence, care and genuine interest. Taking personal responsibility for delighting your customers and building their trust.
Ability to present information, analysis and technical constructs to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired:
Ability to establish productive working relationships with the business and strategic partner colleagues
Completed or in-progress tertiary qualification in Business Intelligence / Data Analytics or similar discipline
Knowledge and experience working with data from ServiceNow
What is it like to work in Westpac?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We’ve developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they’re working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
26,"Service Management Analyst
Customer Services & Technology Division
Adelaide Based, Full Time position
How will I help?
The Technology Service Desk is the voice of our internal customers and within the Service Enablement team you will be undertaking analysis, to producing insights and recommendations, that will insure there is continuous improvement of our service and increase our performance, having a real impact on our customers’ experience.
In this role you will work across two key areas: Shift Left and Automation Identification. Our Shift left strategy is to identify volume that is currently resolved by upper technical support teams that could be onboarded to be resolved within the Technology Service Desk. While Automation Identification would seek to identify instances of troubleshooting that could be transferred into a One-Click Automated Solution. The identification is the key piece here, you are not expected to also create the automation.
What will I do?
Liaise with stakeholders within the department and across Customer Services & Technology to understand situations and enable problems to be defined with clarity and precision, solicit requirements, and deliver actionable insights and recommendations
Contribute to the capability to determine insights, utilising a range of data sources, and recommendations for shift left and automation opportunities
Contribute to initiatives for Continuous Service Improvement
Perform trend analysis against agreed performance baselines
Contribute to the definition, review and enhancement of methods, tools, policies, and standards to meet the requirements for assigned area of responsibility
What’s in it for me?
Joining Westpac has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Essential:
Experience using predictive modelling to highlight insight and automation opportunities, highly desirable if this experience involves the use of Splunk
Experience applying machine learning techniques, statistical and data mining techniques (regression, statistical tests and proper usage, random forest, clustering, decision tree learning, deep learning text mining etc.) in solving real-life problems, preferably in ITSM domain
Ability to apply your skills and experience to a team early in their data journey.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively, as part of a team
Ability to communicate with confidence, care and genuine interest. Taking personal responsibility for delighting your customers and building their trust.
Ability to present information, analysis and technical constructs to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired:
Ability to establish productive working relationships with the business and strategic partner colleagues
Completed or in-progress tertiary qualification in Business Intelligence / Data Analytics or similar discipline
Knowledge and experience working with data from ServiceNow
What is it like to work in Westpac?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you'll discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we’re proud to have created a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
As part of our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, this role is open to experienced candidates seeking a discussion around workplace flexibility. We invite candidates of all ages, people with a disability and Indigenous Australians to apply. The health and wellbeing of our employees is our top priority. We’ve developed clear standards to ensure our people are confident, safe and healthy whether they’re working from a Westpac Group site or working from home. These are based on expert medical advice and Safe Work Australia guidelines.
The Westpac Group has implemented an Entry to Workplace Policy that requires employees and others entering our workplaces to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by relevant dates set out in the policy (subject to applicable medical exemptions). Our employees are required to comply with the policy regardless of whether they are in customer-facing or non-customer-facing roles (as employees in non-customer-facing roles are required to attend the workplace under our Hybrid Working Strategy). Further, the Westpac Group is required to comply with State/Territory issued public health orders/directions which require relevant workers to be vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter workplaces.
By applying for this role, you acknowledge that you are aware of our Entry to Workplace Policy, and if you secure employment with us, you will be required to comply with the policy."
27,"Key Roles & Responsibilities:
· Work with business stakeholders to determine and document project high level business requirements (BRS) and obtain sign-off
· Work with business stakeholders and SME’s to elaborate requirements and obtain sign-off
· Set acceptance criteria for delivery cards
· Perform and own the data mapping activities
· Support business process design and system analysis
· Support Tech Lead as required on data modelling activities
· Transfer business knowledge to delivery and support teams
· Support Delivery Owner in prioritisation
· Support Developers / Testers / Analysts in delivery and support business stakeholders in UAT
Key Accountabilities:
· Support process of Business context and Requirements gathering
· Undertake technical analysis; define and document business logic; mapping and governance and success criteria
· Attend and contribute to agile ceremonies – Iteration Planning/Stand-up meetings/Retrospectives/Showcases
· Facilitate elaborations sessions; attend and facilitate other workshops as necessary
· Support development and testing team in understanding of requirements
· Contribute to Knowledge Transfer as required during and after delivery of project
· Perform other duties as necessary during delivery of project and as assigned by Project/Iteration manager
· Work collaboratively maintaining ongoing dialogue and relationships with Stakeholders as part of continued solution development and support.
Internal Relationships
· Develop and maintain positive working relationships with business customers.
· Work collaboratively with solution design peers and other technical peers.
· Work collaboratively with other internal areas (other parts of IT) as required.
External Relationships
· Work with external partners/vendors as required
Key Qualifications: (indicate whether mandatory or desired)
· Tertiary qualifications in IT, Business or associated field (Desired)
Key Experience: (minimum type and level of experience required to perform the role)
· Minimum 5 years’ experience in a business/system analyst role (Mandatory)
· Project lifecycle experience (mandatory)
· Track record of working in a fast-paced collaborative cross-functional environment (desired)
· Proficiency in working with distributed teams (desired)
Key Capabilities/Technical Competencies (skills, knowledge, technical or specialist capabilities)
· Ability to analyse customer requirements and provide innovative solutions or alternatives to meet those requirements.
· Strong SQL, Data Analysis and Data Profiling skills
· Familiarity with Data Modelling and Data Warehouse concepts
· A disciplined approach to planning, implementation and project execution
· Excellent presentation and communication skills
· Sound change management skills
· Ability for both ‘technical speak’ and ‘business speak’ and able to translate one to another.
· Business acumen and industry knowledge with a strong understanding of business processes and products
· Knowledge of Business Process Modelling and associated tools.
· Knowledge of a variety of database platforms, e.g. Netezza, Oracle, DB2, etc
· Knowledge of applications support and development
· Ability to cope with pressure, prioritise workloads and meet agreed timeframes
· Good knowledge of Insurance domain (Desired)
· Experience with Cloud applications (Desired)
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 – $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Business Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
28,"Are you a data entry professional and up for a new challenge? Are you a motivated and enthusiastic individual who is ready to grow their skills? If you said yes to both, you should consider joining us at Canstar!

A rare opportunity has opened up with the Canstar Product Data team and we are looking for a Data Analyst to join us! As a Data Analyst, you are tasked with maintaining, updating and quality controlling the Canstar database which is used by the majority of Australia’s major financial institutions in both the banking, wealth, insurance, telco and energy sectors.

Who is Canstar

Canstar is a leading research agency and Australia’s biggest financial comparison site, comparing more brands than any other. Our purpose is to simplify the world of finance and help consumers confidently find the right product for them. We’ve been working hard on this for some time. In fact, we were one of the original comparison services in Australia having started up in 1992 as a privately-owned financial research agency. Today, we are one of Australia’s fastest growing digital businesses, with 1 in 6 Australians visiting our site each year, and 2 in 3 people recognising the Canstar logo.

We employ more than 150 staff with a diverse range of educational and professional backgrounds. We take pride in the cultural and gender diversity of our staff and our ability to offer our people the opportunity to grow and develop their skills as the company grows too.

What Canstar offers

Supportive and flexible working environment
Birthday leave
Free breakfast and fresh fruit
Employee Assistance Program
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Fun social club and company culture
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
What you will be doing

Maintaining and updating the Canstar database in accordance with assigned product areas within Wealth
Evaluating procedures and policies in regards to the CANSTAR database, with responsibility for maintaining product sectors
Assisting Research Analysts with ensuring databases sufficiently capture market changes and suggest improvements
Contributing actively in all Star Ratings meetings and actions, including instigating and chasing Star Ratings audits to meet deadlines
What you need to bring to the role

Experience within a data entry role
Exceptional attention to detail and a common-sense approach
Solid experience using Microsoft Excel
Experience utilising G Suite/Google Workspace
Ability to work both closely with others and independently as required
Strong interpersonal skills to build both internal and external relationships
What will give you the extra edge

Sound knowledge of Banking, General Insurance, Energy and/or Telco products
Basic SQL knowledge
Ability to adapt to a constantly changing market
How Can You Join The Team

If this sounds like you, and you are up for a fresh challenge with a great company, apply now!

Recruitment Agencies: We politely ask that you refrain from contacting our People & Culture team or hiring managers directly. Canstar does not accept any unsolicited referrals from recruitment or job placement agencies.Supportive and flexible working environment, Health & wellbeing program of benefits, Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you"
29,"About Us
Optus, a wholly owned subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) is an Australian leader in integrated telecommunications, delivering cutting-edge communications, information technology and entertainment services. Optus’ vision is to be Australia’s most loved everyday brand with lasting customer relationships, and we’ll achieve this by creating Unique customer connections and by being Digital everywhere, delivered by our Amazing people.


About Living Networks
We are bringing you a whole new level of connectivity – it’s connectivity your way. The Optus Living Network adapts and transforms telecommunications from a set and forget service in the background into a real experience – YOUR experience – that comes alive when and how you want it to. At Optus, customers are the centre of our world – and we want to rock our customers’ worlds. So, we developed a plan to create a network that could bring people closer together, simplify life’s complexities or amp up more of what you love. The Optus Living Network sets the new bar for what telecommunications should be by putting you in command of your connectivity. We’ve tested if giving customer more control over connectivity resonates. We have already introduced some of the Optus Living Network’s early features: Donate your Data, a new way to do good with unused data; Unlimited Data Days, a way to access 24 hours’ of data ‘off the metre’; Game Path, a service that reduces lag and jitter for gamers; and Optus Pause, a unique way to simultaneously pause any or all devices in your household for some quality, tech-free time.


About the Role
The Digital Data Analyst within the Digital Hub is a critical role in the Digital Analytics Chapter within the Tribes within Consumer. The Digital Tribes have been established to allow the rapid development and launch of Optus Digital assets covering all aspects of Optus Digital interactions with customers. The Data Analyst will be a strong proactive contributor to the delivery of squad OKR’s, looking not just at delivery of existing initiatives but also the identification and delivery of new opportunities across all Digital assets. You will engage and collaborate with their key Business Unit stakeholders to understand the key business problems to be solved and the key business metrics they need to impact through business analysis and intelligence, supporting the translation of requirements into analytical tasks. The effective interpretation of business trends, customer behaviours and market dynamics are critical to the success of the company. In order to make these recommendations, the Data Analyst must be proficient in a variety of analytical techniques including data, statistical and commercial analysis as well as be comfortable with digital tracking implementation across different digital assets. The Data Analyst must be able to work with a number of stakeholders through the end-to-end business analysis process from requirements gathering to problem articulation and delivering recommendations back to the business.


Responsibilities will include:
Writing and developing tracking specifications for web and app tracking implementation
Testing web and app tracking implementation against specification and business requirements
Querying customer data, performing analyses, and presenting findings in a clear and understandable language
Building data visualisation dashboards for product reporting and insights
Performing data, statistical and commercial analysis to understand how customer behaviour, product changes and market dynamics impact the Consumer business
Developing recommendations with a clearly articulated, structured argument
Delivering findings back to stakeholders to drive well-informed decision-making
Contributing to the overall chapter delivery of business insights and recommendations to delivery against the Digital Tribe objectives


About You
We are looking for the following skills, experience and attributes:
Tertiary qualifications in a quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Computer Science, Finance, Engineering, Statistics)
SQL &/or R Programming skills
Data presentation skills using Tableau/Microsoft Power BI or other data visualisation tool
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Demonstrated analytical skills developed from experience in similar roles
Must be a proactive self-starter, with the ability to use a high level of initiative"
30,"Company Description

Introducing Atomic 212°
Atomic 212° is Australia’s largest independent media agency, with a mission to make marketing Smarter, Faster and Accountable (SFA). Born as a specialist performance media agency and now servicing a full range of integrated marketing solutions, from media to creative, data and technology. Atomic 212° is unique in its performance DNA. We apply this same mindset to every channel to deliver measurable business results.
Join the Atomic 212° Team
Atomic 212° is a place to grow and progress. We seek motivators, leaders and collaborators. We are focused on attracting and retaining those who best encapsulate and align with our unique proposition - Smarter, Faster and Accountable.
We invest in training, technology and innovation in the face of the evolving media landscape. Our teams are integrated and made up of multidisciplinary skill sets. We provide the support to evolve into new territories.
People
We seek those who are passionate, humble and dynamic. People who thrive on big dreams and imagination. Our culture is diverse and fun, underpinned by a world-class team. We embrace values characterised by integrity.
Development
Our personal development program aligns goals to smarter, faster, accountable principles. We invest heavily in learning, career progression and mentorship. We are focused on attracting and retaining the very best. Above all else, we want to ensure you are supported, challenged and happy.
Growth
We have built incredible momentum with over 120 team members nationally and locations across Sydney, Melbourne, Darwin and Brisbane. We are always growing and have a strong client base across tourism, automotive, energy, insurance, retail and more.
Who will you work with?
You will join an agency that values a point of view. Day to day, you will work with all relevant media stakeholders to deliver exceptional campaign planning and results. This role also closely collaborates with specialist media, technology and digital partners.
Our team is all about results and accountability. With industry-leading capabilities across paid search, social and display the team is focused on boosting the performance of client content and amplifying campaigns to maximise business results.


Job Description

Who are we looking for?
An aspiring Data & Analytics graduate who is seeking a dynamic role within an analytical and technical team in a performance agency environment. You will need to have an understanding of internet technology & trends; be able to perform data analysis on web marketing data sets and have an eagerness & aptitude towards technical solutions.
Training will be provided based on knowledge gaps and your existing skill set.

What will your day look like?

Create dashboards, reports and automated reports using Google Sheets and Data Studio and similar tools
Provide actionable Insights & Analysis from generated reports
Assist the Data and Analytics Manager/Director in the preparation of client proposals and delivery of consulting services to meet and surpass client requirements.
Take pride in all work delivered and ensure the presentation and design is impeccable and consistent with Atomic 212° brand guidelines.
Complete Google Analytics Individual Qualification in the first month.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Able to troubleshoot Google Sheets formulas
Hands on experience with Tableau/Data Studio or other visualisation tools (is desirable)
Aptitude to learn coding languages Javascript, Big Query/SQL and Python.


Additional Information

For more information visit Atomic 212°
Please apply with a cover letter and CV to Valeriya Kamenetskaya, People and Culture Manager, outlining why you would like to work with Atomic 212° and what skills you can bring to the agency and this role.
Salary for this position is $47.5K inclusive of super which increases to $50K inclusive of super on completion of probation (3 months)."
31,"Employment Type: Temporary Full Time to 30/6/2024 with possibility of an extension depending on funding
Position Classification: Health Manager Level 3
Remuneration: $116,403 - $132,700 pa + super & packaging
Hours Per Week: 38
Requisition ID: REQ308742
Location: Warrawong
Closing Date: 29 May 2022

What you'll be doing
ISLHD recognises that its data is one of its most valuable assets. The need for high quality data is increasingly important, as clinicians and managers use this data to make critical decisions which impact the quality of care and for Activity Based Management (ABM) purposes. The Performance Analyst is a key champion of a strategic approach to performance analysis and benchmarking for activity streams including, but not limited to; acute, non-admitted, sub and non-acute, emergency and surgical. This role provides analytic insights to inform strategic, operational and clinical decision making, particularly related to Activity Based Management.
The Performance Analyst is a driver of local analytics to deliver outcome driven projects in line with the organisation’s strategic priorities, including program evaluation, benchmarking and reporting of clinical and patient reported outcomes.
The Planning, Information and Performance team is the strategic lever in strengthening and accelerating the analytics maturity in ISLHD. The Performance Analyst is a key role in delivering this strategy.


Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District (ISLHD) is committed to equal employment opportunity and embraces diversity and inclusion within its workforce. As such, people from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply. This includes but is not limited to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander People, People with Disability, Women and People from Culturally and Linguistically Diverse backgrounds.
An eligibility list will be created for future temporary and permanent full-time and part-time positions.
Please note: Employment of a temporary visa holder may only occur if no suitable permanent resident or citizen of Australia has been identified for this position following suitable labour market testing.
All NSW Health workers are required to have received two doses of a TGA approved COVID-19 vaccine as of 30 November 2021 OR have an approved medical contraindication certificate. You will be required to show proof of your COVID-19 vaccination status prior to securing this role.
Your claim against the selection criteria is the most important part of your application as it will help determine whether or not you have met the standard of response required by the panel to be eligible for an interview. You should read the Position Description and then address the selection criteria for the role, giving examples where required. Applicants are encouraged to review the following information on Applying for a position within NSW Health at: http://www.health.nsw.gov.au/careers/guide/nswhealth/Pages/apply-for-position.aspx
For further information visit: https://iworkfor.nsw.gov.au/
Selection Criteria:
Relevant tertiary qualification in data analytics, data interpretation, or numerical discipline (statistics, economics, econometrics, etc.) or extensive relevant experience working with health related data sources and data analysis.
Demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytic insights, interpreting strategic priorities to facilitate quality decision making in a clinical or business context.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to tailor communication to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated personal agility and ability to adapt to changing environments with pace and energy.
Extensive experience in using Microsoft Excel; Demonstrable experience in R, python, or a similar syntax. Experience in querying data from an SQL environment. Experience with or detailed understanding of the Health Information Exchange (HIE) or other Health related data repositories would be an advantage.
Demonstrated experience working in multifaceted team environment and ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders to improve performance and outcomes.
Need more information?
1) Click here for the Position Description
2) Find out more about applying for this position
For role related queries or questions contact Anita Graham on Anita.Graham@health.nsw.gov.au"
32,"Engineering Services is growing - both in size and reach of plant, equipment and facilities and in our technical and analytical capability.
With a workforce of 100 staff, a property and asset portfolio valued at $2 billion, and an asset base of more than 40,000 assets to track and maintain over their lifecycle, we operate a complex and fast-paced service.
Our services include mechanical, hydraulic, electrical and biomedical systems across 10 sites. We work with over 80 contractors on a regular basis, and 120 more parties on a frequent as-needs basis.
With all of this complexity, we need a business systems analyst on the team who can help us to answer the following questions:
Is there a better way we can do our existing processes?
Are we working efficiently, and doing the work effectively?
Are there processes that work well, that need to be formalised and/or optimised?
Are there any aspects of our work that we can automate?
Do we have the right information, data and reports ready for when decisions need to be made?
Are we meeting our internal customers’ needs, within a timely manner?
How long do our customers have to wait for an outcome, after logging their request?
What aspects of our work, quality and performance can be measured, reported, and improved?
A position has opened up in Engineering Services for an early-career engineer or analyst who can support this workload by providing data analyses, data cleansing, reporting, analytics and dashboards using Power BI and other tools, problem-solving, business analysis and more.
This role will work across all Engineering Services departments to ensure that we are working in a way that is efficient, effective, optimised and data-driven.
This Business Systems Analyst role will also be key to supporting the Asset Management Capability Project, which will bring about a step change in data-driven decision-making about Engineering Services asset.
This analyst role would suit a graduate of Engineering, Mathematics, Science, Information Technology, or any technical field, where an interest in systems analysis is key. Early career business analysts from IT or aspiring data scientists should also apply. As hospitals are amongst the most complex systems in industry, it would be the perfect place to learn how to add value in complexity.
About Us
Our workforce of over 9,000 employees are driven by our values of ‘Compassion, Accountability, Respect, Excellence and Safety’ (CARES). We value our people and provide them the opportunity to grow and develop. Our teams are friendly and supportive, ensuring we deliver a safe, person-centred and connected patient experience.
Western Health is in a period of rapid growth. Our services comprise of four acute public hospitals: Footscray Hospital, Sunshine Hospital (including Joan Kirner Women's and Children's), Williamstown Hospital and Bacchus Marsh & Melton Hospital. We also operate Sunbury Day Hospital, Hazeldean, Grant Lodge Residential Aged Care, as well as community health centres in Melton, Caroline Springs and Bacchus Marsh and a range of community-based services. We care for a diverse community of more than 1 million people with complex care needs ranging from Neonates to Geriatrics.
Our employees enjoy a wide range of benefits such as:
Professional development support
Career advancement opportunities
Salary packaging including novated vehicle leasing
Work-life balance
Western Health is an equal opportunity employer committed to attracting and retaining diversity in our workforce. We encourage applications from Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
Western Health is committed to providing a safe environment for the children and young people who are involved in our services, sites and operations. We follow and abide by all legislative requirements to keep children and young people safe.
All appointments are made subject to a satisfactory Police Record Check, an Immunisation status clearance (including evidence of COVID 19 vaccination) and (if applicable) a Working with Children’s Check.
Western Health do not accept unsolicited resumes/applications from Recruitment Agencies."
33,"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a data analytics cloud transformation program
Full-time permanent role based at Mile End - including working from home
Join a great collaborative team with a fun, inclusive and supportive culture


Your new opportunity


This exciting role will have you translate business requirements into technical specifications for business intelligence (BI), designing data store solutions for engineers to implement. Your key tasks will be:


Conduct preliminary analysis with business stakeholders to gather data store requirements, which will support their analytic and reporting needs.
Document the scope of requests for work, to enable high level estimation and planning.
Document detailed analysis of business data store requirements, supporting both functional and non-functional specifications.
Develop detailed solution designs to provide technical specifications for engineers to build data stores for analytics and reporting usage.
Help business stakeholders perform test plans consistent with their requirements and help delivery teams manage changes in scope.


What will set you apart from the rest


At RAA we hire on cultural add first and technical fit second, however, to be successful in this role you will need:


Knowledge of business analysis and data warehouse design in a BI environment
Strong ability to understand business requirements and architectural solutions and translate into technical specifications for development
Understanding of data analysis, data integration and data modelling techniques
Experience working as a data warehouse developer desirable
Proven ability to communicate effectively with people of all levels


What sets us apart from the rest


To ensure our employees feel valued, empowered and celebrated, we provide a range of employee benefits including:


Flexible Work Arrangements including working from home
Free RAA premium road service & discounts on all RAA Products
Ongoing Training & Development Opportunities & Study Support Program
Wellbeing Facilities and Corporate Health Insurance Plan
On-site Cafe with Barista - plus much more!


Who we are -
As one of the state’s largest and most iconic organisations, we’re proud to make things better for members and better for our community. More than 780,000 members choose us to deliver peace of mind through our trusted range of motor, home and travel products and services. We’re also one of the state’s largest employers (and growing!), with more than 1200 employees working collectively with the common goal to keep our members moving."
34,"Want to do the best work of your life? Make your mark at Europe’s leading entertainment brand. Our people make Sky a truly exciting and inclusive place to work – a place where you can be yourself and let your skills shine.
Group Workplace Solutions (GWS) vision to “enable innovation and delivery by allowing our people to connect and collaborate across group with a great experience.” The remit extends to enterprise workplace platforms and systems including client devices, productivity, unified communications, video conferencing, identity, privileged access management, file services and corporate applications. GWS also manage mission critical technical infrastructure for example AD, DHCP and DNS.

What you'll do:
Document Workplace Experience solution offerings, their operational management and release processes
Represent the business through identification of service development opportunities, designing and testing solutions to ensure they deliver the business expectation
Prepare and share standard monthly, weekly and ad-hoc data reporting requirements for Enterprise Technology operational support, consolidating data across various technology systems
Build models and evaluate their impact
Gather and manage the data sets from the business and perform required analysis and reporting.
Maintain the data and data repositories and interfaces as required

What you'll bring:
You will have Professional experience in the Data analytics and preferably in AI/ML
Ability to self-learn new techniques from research papers and textbooks with a keen desire to acquire and share knowledge, we are on a transformation journey and it is vital that knowledge be shared within the wider team
Work together with other Data Analysts, Data Scientists, execs, technical and non-technical people
Vision, drive, diplomacy and the ability to make things happen in an environment of ambiguity, complexity and multiple stakeholders, being able to influence others without direct authority.
Working in a dynamic environment: Enjoys working in an innovative and creative environment. Able to deliver big picture benefits
Experience with a variety of different analytics and AI methodologies, and understand the benefits of each method in the context of supporting business needs
Knowledge of trends in the wider analytics and AI industry and always looking to apply this knowledge in the Sky context

UK&I Technology
Ground-breaking projects. Innovative tech. Top innovation. Join our UK&I Technology team and you’ll work across technology projects that drive our TV, broadband, mobile and Sky Connect services. You’ll be at the heart of delivering the technology roadmaps that support our UK and Ireland businesses, with a focus on customer innovations for Sky Glass. That’s not all. You’ll also design, develop and deliver digital services for millions of customers across the UK.

The Rewards:
There's a reason people can't stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Access a wide range of exclusive Sky VIP rewards and experiences

Where you'll work:
Osterley:
Our Osterley Campus is a 10-minute walk from Syon Lane train station. Or you can hop on one of our free shuttle buses that run to and from Osterley, Gunnersbury, Ealing Broadway and South Ealing tube stations. There’s also plenty of bike shelters and showers.
On campus, you’ll find 13 subsidised restaurants, cafes, and a Waitrose. You can keep in shape at our subsidised gym, catch the latest shows and movies at our cinema, get your car washed and even get pampered at our beauty salon.

Inclusion:
We take pride in our approach to diversity and inclusion: we’ve been recognised by The Times and Stonewall for this, and we’ve committed £30million to support the fight against racial injustice. We’ve also set ambitious targets for increasing ethnic diversity and representation throughout our organisation.
At Sky we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and your potential. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we're happy to discuss flexible working.
And we'll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you.
We bring the best from the global market into Sky – we buy technology, marketing, corporate, operational services and editorial production solutions. We are an international team working with our stakeholders our partners to curate the most effective and efficient customer-led operating model. High ethical standards are embeded in our team, and we engage our supply chains in creating a sustainable future!
The Rewards:
There’s a reason people can’t stop talking about #LifeAtSky. Our great range of rewards really are something special, here are just a few:
Sky Q, for the TV you love all in one place
A generous pension package
Private healthcare
Discounted mobile and broadband
Where you’ll work:
XXX
Inclusion:
Recognised as an ‘Inclusive Top 50 Employer’ and a ‘Times Top 50 Employer for Women’, we’re working hard to ensure we’re a truly inclusive place to work. This means we don’t just look at your CV. We’re more focused on who you are and the potential you’ll bring to Sky. We also know that everyone has a life outside work, so we’re happy to discuss flexible working!
And we’ll do everything we can to support you during your application. If you need us to make any adjustments to our recruitment process, speak to our recruitment team who will be happy to support you
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Why wait?

Apply now to build an amazing career and be part of a brilliant team. We can’t wait to hear from you.

To find out more about working with us, search #LifeAtSky on social media. A job you love to talk about.
Just so you know: if your application is successful, we’ll ask you to complete a criminal record check. And depending on the role you have applied for and the nature of any convictions you may have, we might have to withdraw the offer."
35,"The opportunity
The key focus of this role is to generate customer, commercial and product insights to support the development of customer and go to market strategies for the Health Insurance business, through the application of data and analytics.
The role demands an experienced individual with strong problem solving, data analysis, data preparation and visualisation skills, and an ability to work across a matrix environment with business and technical stakeholders to understand customer and business problems, develop hypothesis and solve for them.
Responsibilities:
Develop insights and recommendations by undertaking data sourcing, data preparation, analysis design and visualisation to support product development, go-to-market plan and customer experience strategies
Work closely with business stakeholders to understand their commercial imperatives and translate into data-driven approaches
Be supportive and proactive in strengthening the technical capabilities of the analytics / performance function
Deepen understanding of the Health Insurance industry and remain abreast of relevant industry, market, competitive and regulatory developments
What’s in it for me?
As well as a competitive salary, a range of Bupa benefits and flexible working/ work from home arrangements, you’ll be challenged and encouraged to innovate. You will collaborate strongly with colleagues who are committed to delivering exceptional experiences. We trust, respect and consider everyone, knowing your difference will make the difference.
What do I need?
Programming in SQL (required), R, Python and/or SAS
Visualisation tools such as Power BI and Tableau
Experience with Data Bricks, Azure Synapse and Azure Data Lake will be highly regarded
Comfortable using Microsoft PowerPoint and Word to craft presentations based on a defined narrative / storyline and key messages
Possess strong quantitative, analytical and conceptual problem-solving skills
3+ years’ experience in a data and analytics related role
Experience in Health Insurance will be highly regarded
Tertiary qualification in analytics, science, business/economics computer science or related discipline
Full working rights - Permanent resident or citizen of Australia
What is it like to work there?
Be at the heart of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives. At Bupa, we employ more than 80,000 people globally who are making this a reality. One thing stands out about Bupa people -our customers are our passion; they’re at the heart of our culture of care. If you've got the belief, the drive and the talent to help us in our ambition then we’d like to hear from you.
Time Type:
Full time"
36,"External Advert Text
Sedgman Pty Limited is a market leader in the design, construction and operation of mineral processing plants for the global resources sector. Our specialised technical expertise, proven track record in Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) delivery and our advanced commercial capabilities enable us to provide complete solutions which are valued by our clients. Sedgman Pty Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of CIMIC Group Limited (ASX:CIM) – one of the world’s leading international contractors and the world’s largest contract miner.

Setting the standard in terms of safety, innovation, technical capability and project delivery we are able to offer outstanding career opportunities with offices throughout Australia and internationally in Canada. The expertise and enthusiasm of our people and professional, friendly atmosphere is paramount to our continued success.

We are seeking a HSE Administrator/Analyst to support to the Global business in their use of group-wide Health & Safety Information Systems.

The role will require but not be limited to:

Reporting to the Senior HSE Advisor, the position will provide support to the HSE team. Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
Support the implementation of key HSSEQ initiatives, and improvement projects
Analysis, interpretation and reporting of HSSEQ performance data for the business.
Proactively provide advice and support to the business in their use of HSE Systems, including the timely resolution of system error/bugs and the actioning of other system requests.
Identification and implementation of system improvements/enhancements including assisting with change management activities.
Collation of qualitative and quantitative HSE data from different sources for analysis.
Identification and analysis of data in order to identify trends/patterns and recommend target areas for improvement. This includes the validation of data to ensure correctness (where required).
Provide advice and support to the broader HSSEQ team on reporting requirements in accordance with internal and external standards.
Collate HSE data for internal and external company reporting
Coordinate administrative support across a range of HSE activities.
Produce documents, reports, correspondence, presentations, and spreadsheet in a timely and accurate manner.
Assist with administration and onboarding of workers and contractors to site confirming minimum site requirements are verified prior to inductions.
What are we looking for?
Experience with HSE documentation including induction bookings, risk assessments, site registers, investigation reports, communication, corrective actions.
High attention to detail and strong interpersonal and communication skills
Strong planning, problem solving and decision-making skills
Intermediate to Advanced MS office skills (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)
Working knowledge of HSE systems and processes
High level of written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Exposure to Enablon and Power BI (desirable)
What we can offer you:
This is a challenging and rewarding opportunity to add value within a growing company that encourages and promotes the safety of our people. You will be dealing with new exciting challenges every day to keep improving on our safety culture. Working in a great team you will be able to apply your experience to a busy and varied role that offers both career and personal growth

How to join our team:
If this sounds like an opportunity you would be interested in,

Please note you will be an Australian citizen or currently hold Permanent Residency (PR) and be able to work lawfully in Australia.

Sedgman is an equal opportunity employer - We support diversity in the workplace and a culture where employees can reach their full potential by feeling respected, included and heard.

We are proud to be recognised as a WORK180 Endorsed Employer for All Women. Follow this link to find out more work180 page: https://au.work180.co/employers/cummins-australia
Work Region
Australia
Working Country
Australia
Work Location
Australia - Brisbane Office
Employment Type
Full-Time
Job Expires
14-Jun-2022"
37,"Line of Service
Tax
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
PPM
Management Level
Associate
Job Description & Summary
With PwC, you’ll ignite a meaningful career while being supported by a flexible working culture, innovative learning and development opportunities and progressive policies and benefits, such as 18 weeks paid parental leave for mums, dads and foster carers (no minimum service!)
What will you create?
You’ll help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting our start-up industry, together we build trust in society and solve important problems.
Our Financial Advisory business brings this to life by offering end-to-end technology solutions to help some of our biggest, most iconic and complex Australian and multinational clients streamline operational processes, gain insight and meaning through data and meet global regulatory, compliance and risk management obligations.


As a Technical Business Analyst in our Financial Advisory technology solutions group your impact will be seen by:
Capturing and documenting use case / user stories / business requirements (functional and non-functional) with clear acceptance criteria to the highest quality expected by PwC and our clients
Translating technical business requirements into detailed product design documents for the product owner and solution architect
Developing and managing product and project deliverables, including project documentation, SDLC libraries, product marketing libraries
Working across different technologies, including the latest machine learning and AI based applications


About you


You have a background in documenting, analysing, testing and triaging technical business requirements from end to end in cloud based software applications. You have experience working in agile environments in a large corporation, capturing the use case/user stories/requirements and conducting detailed data and complex traceability mapping that guides senior members to make informed decisions.
You are skilled in IT and Infrastructure, data analytics, are familiar with relational databases concepts and ability to write basic SQL queries, Agile SCRUM methodologies
and have experience working with and leading workshops with senior decision makers.


Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Tax team navigate an increasingly complex tax environment for clients through innovative solutions.
You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.


Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Georgenn Benoza is the Recruitment Manager for the role. As the team experiences high volumes of applications, we appreciate your patience to allow for a timely and fair process for all.
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
0%
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
Yes
Job Posting End Date"
38,"About Woolworths Group
Woolworths Group is a food and everyday needs retailer united by the shared purpose of creating better experiences together for a better tomorrow. With more than 1,400 stores across its Woolworths Supermarkets, Countdown Supermarkets (New Zealand) and BIG W brands, and fast-growing eCommerce businesses, Woolworths Group is Australia and New Zealand’s largest retailer. A top 10 company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), Woolworths Group employs more than 180,000 team members and serves more than 20 million customers a week.

Data Analyst - Labour Planning & Forecast

Bring the outside thinking in and lead our stakeholders on the journey
Collaborative, innovative and challenging environment
6 month fixed term contract

About Us

At Woolworths Group, we’re about creating customer and team-first experiences. To enable this, the transformation and simplification of the Labour Standards model are designed to deliver better experiences for our customers & store team members. We work in an agile way so we can be flexible to follow the energy of the organisation and go where the opportunity is needed based on our strategy.

You will be joining a small dedicated & diverse squad of innovative high-performers who rely on collaboration and adaptability within a continuously evolving environment to achieve market-leading outcomes.

We are based in Bella Vista, Sydney in a state of the art office facilities.

About the role

This is a unique opportunity to further your analytical skills to support the transformation and simplification of the Labour Standards model and associated processes. You will be responsible for ensuring data that will be used for labour forecasting is accurate and will assist in developing processes to ensure this accuracy and consistency going forward. Responsibility for developing insights to assist store and management teams to understand the importance of data processes and assisting to drive the data process agenda. This is a varied role where no two days are the same.

Day-to-day responsibilities include (and are not limited to):

Critically analysing complex datasets, including managing data extraction and quality assurance and applying descriptive and inferential statistical analysis to interpret trends and patterns to inform and support workforce management direction and decision making.
Use statistical methods to analyse data and generate useful business reports.
Develop data models and algorithms to provide insights across the business to provide support, guidance and subject matter expertise for activities impacting store operations.
Liaising across the project team to implement data-driven interventions as needed for key events. Assist with bringing data-driven decision making to the fore within Woolworths Labour planning cycles
Work with business stakeholders to understand the underlying source of data and trends and help to design action plans to address where necessary.


About You

You’re currently a strong Business or Data Analyst with exceptional analytical & statistical skills ideally with experience working in a large complex organisation. You are comfortable working with ambiguity, commercially strong & customer focused. Desire to succeed, willingness to roll up your sleeves, being a curious learner and having an agile mindset are paramount.

With your warm and engaging collaborative style, you are able to partner with the business and influence cross-functional stakeholders. You must be proficient in Excel.

You also have:
Strong analytical, and data storytelling skills.
Detailed knowledge and understanding of data management
Ability to develop robust models and tools that visualise complex datasets for senior decision-makers
Self-motivation and ability to work effectively in defining and delivering against individual projects as well as contribute and take accountability on team-based projects.
Ability to work in line with Stores Operations including nights and weekends where required

If you think you have what it takes and want to be part of one of the most exciting journeys in Australian retail, apply now.

As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do. As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference. We value diversity and aim to create a vibrant and inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve.

We’re also social! - connect with us at #WOWcareers through LinkedIn #LI, Facebook, Instagram or via www.wowcareers.com.au #work180

Grow with the Group


Woolworths Group has announced it will be requiring Australian team members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (subject to medical and religious exemptions).


As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.


We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or life stage. We are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTQ+ inclusion and as an Employer of Choice for Gender Equality by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.


As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make a real difference.


We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.


We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers and for each other.


We’d love to hear from You


If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. You can learn more about working with us on LinkedIn or via www.wowcareers.com.au . #LI #work180.


Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies. Woolworths Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes."
39,"Line of Service
Advisory
Industry/Sector
Not Applicable
Specialism
PPM
Management Level
Associate
Job Description & Summary
Creating a meaningful career is important, but so is creating yourself. With us, you’ll have the opportunity to grow, learn new skills and do work that matters. We’ll help you create the career you want so you can tap into your passions, discover new pathways and do more with your degree.
About the Opportunity
You’ll help Australian businesses, not-for-profits and governments create value and improve the way they work. From digitising healthcare, to creating smarter cities and igniting our start-up industry, together we build trust in society and solve important problems. Both Consulting and Integrated Infrastructure (part of our Financial Advisory business) brings this to life by helping clients improve the way they operate, reduce costs, manage risks, leverage talent, or fundamentally change the way they do business. Your work here will help organisations of all shapes and sizes work smarter and grow faster.
About you
You will have a quantitative background with a qualification in mathematics, statistics, business intelligence, engineering or similar. You will need to have excellent analytical and problem solving skills, as well as being able to communicate effectively and impactfully with clients and stakeholders. Proficiency in some of the following toolsets is required – Microsoft Excel, SAS, SQL, R, Python, Alteryx, PowerBI, Qlik, Tableau.
You are agile, people-focused, motivated to succeed, analytically minded and commercially astute. You have strong attention to detail and exceptional standards in quality.
Passionate about being at the forefront of change, you’re ready to help our Consulting or Integrated Infrastructure teams deliver practical advice that speaks straight to the heart of client business issues and deliver innovative results. You’re collaborative and enjoy working in an innovative environment. You’re a problem solver by nature and want to join a firm that values the kind of people who reimagine the possible for their clients and stakeholders. Most importantly, you act with integrity and show care for the people you work with.
Life at PwC
Our culture and benefits are something we’re proud of, and also the reason we’ve been named LinkedIn’s #1 Australian workplace. With PwC, you’ll belong to an inclusive community where differences are both embraced and the underlying driver in everything we create together.
We empower you with the technology, coaching, flexibility and trust needed to make a meaningful difference, while supporting you in bringing your whole self to work each day. We’re committed to building and maintaining a diverse workforce because we know it’s only by working together that we can realise the potential of our people, clients and society around us.
We’re living this commitment through initiatives including our Reconciliation Action Plan to increase Indigenous employment and employee-led diversity networks promoting cultural, disability, LGBTI and gender equality. At our core we’re a people business, which means you’ll be supported not just in your professional development but your personal growth as well.
Eligibility
You have completed your University degree (single or double) within the past 3 years:
You are an Australian or New Zealand Citizen, an Australian Permanent Resident or have valid work rights in Australia.
Next Steps
We’ll be assessing applications and progressing candidates who meet the program eligibility criteria.
The timing of this will depend on when you apply and complete this part of the recruitment process.
PwC is committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as well as visitors to our offices and events.

PwC has introduced a COVID-19 Vaccination policy that requires all staff, contractors, clients and visitors to be fully vaccinated before they can access our offices, attend client sites, undertake work-related travel, or attend work-related events, subject to limited exemptions. For more information: https://www.pwc.com.au/about-us/notices/coronavirus.html
Education (if blank, degree and/or field of study not specified)
Degrees/Field of Study required:
Degrees/Field of Study preferred:
Certifications (if blank, certifications not specified)
Required Skills
Optional Skills
Desired Languages (If blank, desired languages not specified)
Travel Requirements
Not Specified
Available for Work Visa Sponsorship?
No
Government Clearance Required?
Yes
Job Posting End Date"
40,"ICT Business Analyst
Location
Australia- Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Perth
Description
We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our customers and product development initiatives in advanced machine learning projects. The ideal candidate is good at working with numbers and has an interest in engineering mathematics, probability and statistics. The candidate should have strong programming skills and is adept at deep learning and statistical machine learning concepts.
The position will be full time.
Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to understand requirements
Define architecture for machine learning projects considering the best case scenarios and trade-offs
Explore research papers to come up with the best models and algorithms that can solve a given problem
Gather, clean, and annotate data for training machine learning models
Build tools to facilitate training data generation and accelerate the annotation process
Build predictive model pipelines based on available research and deploy them
Customize model architectures to suit various problems
Define quantitative metrics and assess the effectiveness and accuracy of models to find the best fit one
Deploy the models in cloud or on-premise infrastructure, and scale the model to achieve the required throughput
creating user and training documentation, and conducting formal training classes
Requirements
Strong programming skills in one or more languages
Experience in designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production in at least one industry domain
Hands on experience in data collection, cleansing, and labelling. Clarity on approaches to minimize manual effort in these, and related best practices
Good knowledge in Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Audio processing and other applications of Deep learning. Handson experience with the state of the art models in any one
Good understanding of engineering mathematics, probability and statistics
Ability to read through latest research papers in required domains and understand the concepts behind model architectures enough to modify them
In-depth knowledge in statistical machine learning. Clear understanding on selection of algorithms suitable for a given problem
Master's degree in Science, Technology, Computer Applications, or Engineering(any) with 1 year of experience in job offered or related occupation
Bachelor's degree in any of the above fields along with 5 years of experience in job offered or related occupation is acceptable in lieu of the Master's degree and one year of experience
Any suitable combination of education, experience, or training is acceptable
Salary - $60-80K (excluding Super)
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent
Salary: $60,000.00 – $80,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift"
41,"Company Description

At Toll, we do more than just logistics - we move the businesses that move the world. Our 20,000 team members can help solve any logistics, transport or supply chain challenge – big or small. We have been supporting our customers for more than 130 years. Today, we support more than 20,000 customers worldwide with 500 sites in 25 countries, and a forwarding network spanning 150 countries. We are proudly part of Japan Post — www.tollgroup.com
Global Logistics provides sophisticated supply chain solutions, from end-to-end or part solutions, warehousing and distribution to dedicated transport solutions, across the globe and to some of the most remote corners of the world.
Being a global organisation managing 13,000 fleet and machinery, we need to ensure that all these machines are efficient and safe for use. The Equipment team is responsible for fleet acquisitions, fleet management, international maintenance and continuous improvement so that Toll can continue to provide service quality.


Job Description

New opportunity for a Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst to join our Equipment Division based in Arndell Park, Sydney.
In this role, you will support key business areas in providing commercial analysis and developing reports to unlock key insights on the operational effectiveness for management.
You will assist in the design and development of online reports and dashboards in Power BI, as well maintain existing database infrastructure and the development of new data integration tools.
As the Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst, you will:
Drive and deliver improved operational based reporting, engagement level profitability, operational performance and ad hoc reporting, by creating reports and dashboards in Power BI
Assess previous trends and patterns to ensure data integrity
Identify and develop key methodologies and reports to review the quality of data
Streamline and automate reports
Gather and document requirements
Analyse reports and data to identify insights and provide recommendations


Qualifications

To be successful in this role, you will need:
2 + years’ experience in a similar/Business Intelligence role
Experience with Power BI, SQL Server, data warehousing and MS Office Suite.
Knowledge in Microsoft Power products (Powerapps, Power Automate etc)
Experience in/or possess knowledge of creating highly interactive dashboards in Power BI; Microsoft Office products including Excel; and Web Development on both the front and back end advantageous
Proven ability to work autonomously and as part of a team
Fleet Management / Logistics background highly desirable

Additional Information

Be Connected
With a bold vision and innovative drive, join our 20,000 colleagues as we lead industry change and transform how customers best meet their global supply chain needs in a meaningful and sustainable way. There are countless opportunities to learn and make a real impact in shaping our industry’s future. Grow with diverse challenges amongst a friendly and inclusive global culture. Take pride in building relationships that matter, because being connected is at the centre of what makes Toll great – it’s what makes our possibilities endless.
Toll embraces and celebrates a variety of cultures. We continue to build a business that reflects the values of equality, built on the knowledge and understanding that everyone is welcome including the First Nations Peoples and those of all ages, genders and abilities.
To find out more about us visit www.tollgroup.com/careers
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
42,"Date: 13-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Audit and Assurance

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 27863

Talent acceleration: Twice a year promotion cycle

Deloitte Experience: We support flexible / hybrid working arrangements

Parental leave: Award winning support for new parents

What will your typical day look like?

Working alongside talented and like-minded professionals, you will be part of high performing teams delivering digitally-enabled audit services of the highest quality to our largest global clients in a diverse range of industry segments. Learning on the job through hands-on coaching, feedback, and development opportunities, you will get exposure to solving technical accounting matters, using data analytics to analyse business drivers & performance as well as team leadership and client relationship building skills. In turn, you will play a critical role as both a coach and mentor for future talent.

In the Global and Middle Market team, you will get exposure to a diverse range of clients and work with some of the largest and best-known global companies and ASX listed companies across a wide range of industries.

Industry segments include:
Consumer: Retail, wholesale, travel and hospitality

Real Estate: REITS, Developers and Fund Managers

TMT: Technology, media and telecommunications

Healthcare and life sciences: Hospital owners and healthcare services

Working with our global teams you will be able to demonstrate your knowledge of controls, SOX related activities and overseeing group audits across our member network.

You will have the opportunity to work with our Technical Accounting and Audit Quality teams as well as specialists in services areas such as Technology and Internal Controls, Tax & Legal, Risk Advisory and Consulting. Beyond this, you will have the opportunity to explore both overseas and internal transfers that broaden and amplify your professional development within the world’s largest professional services firm.

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not explicitly indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You are someone with:
CA qualifications (or similar) with professional services experience

Ability to identify scope and solve problems

Audit experience gained in a Big 4 or mid-tier professional services firm

Experience with finance systems

Experience with PCAOB regulations

Minimum than 2 years of experience in professional services, preferably in external audit"
43,"Contact: Daniel Howroyd Email: intelligencevocation@homeaffairs.gov.au
Period of Vacancy: Ongoing
Number of Vacancies: Several


Applications close: Tuesday 31 May 2022 at 11:59pm (midnight) - AEST. Late applications will not be accepted.


Who can apply:
Please note this opportunity is available to current Australian Public Service employees and all eligible members of the community.


About the Department of Home Affairs:
Be part of something bigger: contribute to building a secure Australia that is prosperous, open and united.
Join a connected team of professionals, where you can be your authentic self; grow your career while making time for all parts of your life. Click here to see What we offer

The Department of Home Affairs is responsible for centrally coordinated strategy and policy leadership in relation to domestic national security arrangements, law enforcement, emergency management, counter-terrorism, social cohesion, the protection of our sovereignty, the integrity of our border and the resilience of our national infrastructure.

The Australian Border Force, an operationally independent body within the Department of Home Affairs, is Australia's frontline border law enforcement agency and Australia's customs service. The Australian Border Force's mission is to protect Australia's border and facilitate the legitimate movement of people and goods across it.


Do you want to be at the frontline of protecting Australia’s border and national security?


Do you enjoy solving complex problems, collecting and analysing large data sets to detect threats to the border?


Do you want to work in a collaborative, motivated and dynamic a team of dedicated intelligence professionals?


If you are an inquisitive, analytical person who is interested in a career with global reach, covering a variety of topics across migration, trade and national security or an experience intelligence professional looking for a new challenge, then an Intelligence career with the Department of Home Affairs may be just what you are looking for.


In Home Affairs, the role of Intelligence is broad and can include roles that:
Analyse to assess threats and provide insightful analysis and assessments on key tactical, operational and strategic intelligence issues
Develop, build, test and deploy technical tools, applications and prototype capabilities
Build key relationships with industry, domestic and international partners through information sharing, resource exchanges and education programs to strengthen the security of our border, our region and the globe.



About these roles:
As an Intelligence Professional with the Department of Home Affairs, you will maintain a current and comprehensive intelligence picture across the border continuum and contribute to the Departments mission of protecting Australia’s border and contributing to national security outcomes.

You will be involved in activities that oversee the collection, analysis and assessment of classified and all source information to deliver insightful, predictive analytical products on issues such as counter-terrorism, counter-proliferation, people smuggling, human trafficking, serious and organised crime, and visa and document fraud.

You will work closely with other intelligence professionals, both nationally and internationally, to support the strategic and operational integrity of our border.

The Home Affairs Intelligence Division has a national presence. While a significant number of our roles (about 50%) are located in the ACT, we are able to offer opportunities across a range of domestic locations:
ACT - Canberra Airport
NSW - Sydney Airport and Sydney CBD
VIC - Melbourne CBD
QLD - Brisbane Airport and Cairns
SA - Port Adelaide and Adelaide CBD
NT - Darwin CBD
WA - West Perth and Broome
TAS - Hobart CBD


Our ideal candidate:
Has a collaborative spirit and prioritises diversity in pursuit of innovative solutions
Is passionate about the work of the Department and how intelligence enhances outcomes in support of a secure, prosperous and united Australia
Stands driven to build a working environment that is fair, inclusive and brings out the best in themselves and others
Always curious, digging deeper to expand their understanding and challenge the status-quo
Must be accountable for their actions and behaviours, adhering to the highest levels of integrity and professionalism to support our values and mission.



Our workforce come from diverse backgrounds including arts and sciences, economics, IT, business, finance and data analytics.

Specific duties and responsibilities:
APS 4 employees work under general direction and provide administrative and analytical support to the Division. They work across a variety of issues as determined by internal priority settings.

Role requirements/qualifications:
No experience required!

At Home Affairs, we value a diverse range of skills, knowledge and experience. Our on the job training is as unique as the roles we undertake – join us and learn something new!

Applicant response:
As part of your application, you will be required to prepare a single (A4) page response document (minimum 11pt font in MSWord or PDF format), which you will upload in the next section.

Please ensure you read the instructions carefully, noting failure to address identified requirements may lead to your application being deemed ineligible.

Please prepare a 1 page pitch response:
The Department of Home Affairs’ mission is to ‘work together with the trust of our partners and community to keep Australia safe and secure, and support a cohesive and united Australia open for global engagement’.
In your response please tell us, providing specific example(s), how your skills, knowledge and experience will apply to supporting the Department’s mission and outcomes.

Your written application will be assessed against the following capabilities:
Supports productive working relationships
Displays personal drive and integrity
Achieves Results.


How to apply:
Prior to preparing your response it is recommended you review the Work Level Standards relevant to the classification you are applying to. It may also be useful to refer to the Integrated Leadership System information relevant to the classification. You are required to submit your application in Home Affairs' online recruitment system (ourPeople).



As part of your application you will need to provide:
Your CV
Your Applicant Response document
Details of referees
A copy of your qualification
Include your full name and the Requisition Number - [[id]] in the footer of any documents being uploaded.


Eligibility and Specific Conditions of Employment
To be eligible to work with the Department of Home Affairs you must:
Be an Australian Citizen
Fulfil the Department’s minimum requirements by satisfactorily answering all screening questions during the application process
Obtain and maintain the required AGSVA clearance
Obtain and maintain a current Employment Suitability Clearance
Satisfy a probation period
Undergo a health assessment (if applicable).



To be eligible to work in some roles, you may be required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (including any COVID-19 booster dose to maintain an 'up-to-date' status). Candidates should be aware that in roles where vaccination against COVID-19 is required by public health orders/directions or other legislation, if a candidate is not fully vaccinated or is unwilling to be vaccinated within a reasonable period, they may not be offered that role.


Technical Assistance
If you are experiencing problems submitting your application online, please email the nature of the issues you are experiencing to Recruitment (recruitment@homeaffairs.gov.au) including screen captures if necessary. A response will be sent during business hours.


Notes
Remuneration: The Department offers an attractive remuneration package, including salary, superannuation benefits and flexible working conditions appropriate to the level of the position.
Information about employment in the Department of Home Affairs, and advice on how to apply for vacancies can be obtained from the Department’s website at https://www.homeaffairs.gov.au/about-us/careers
If you have identified as having a disability, please indicate whether you require any support throughout the selection process. For further information please contact Recruitment: recruitment@homeaffairs.gov.au"
44,"You are an influential leader with a track record in mentoring, developing and inspiring a high performing team
We are one of the largest and most advanced Data Engineering teams in the country
Together we can build state-of-the-art data solutions that power seamless experiences for millions of customers
See yourself in our team
You will join the Chief Data & Analytics Office (CDAO) team and contribute towards our goal of realising a data-driven enterprise by making it simpler and easier to consume trusted data through enterprise-wide consumption patterns of Modelling, Insights, Reporting and Extracts using the latest tools, techniques and control environment.

We are a division comprised of engineers, business analysts, scrum masters, product and delivery specialists, project managers, service managers and a wide variety of data analysts and data scientists.

Together we will develop the Group’s data consumption strategy, transform production and protection of the enterprise’s data asset and mature data risk management with Data Management 2.0. We also strive to build a leading data and analytics culture, which will enable CBA to be the bank of tomorrow.
This is an Executive Manager level position reporting to the Group Practice Lead Data and Analytics Practice.



Do work that matters
The Chapter Area Lead for Data Technical Business Analysts is responsible for actively supporting the chapter area to develop and maintain the appropriate standards for data delivery:
Lead the team to develop best practice in facilitation of business requirements and technical implementation of data
Develop and coach leaders and individuals to achieve their career goals
Collaborate with Chapter Area leads to drive consistency and align with Group standards
Evolving current state data and analytical process to harness new technology and improve the customer experience
Automating as much of the data process to drive efficiencies of scale across the portfolio


About you
Data analytics – Experience in using data and statistics to manage business performance
Inductive Reasoning Ability – Demonstrates a strong ability to find links and trends amongst multiple and varied forms of information, integrating facts about the customer’s business and the industry they operate within
Negotiation and Influencing Skills – Demonstrates an ability to find solutions that are in the best interest of both the customer and CBA, using advanced questioning techniques. Is able to have difficult conversations with stakeholders that through professionalism will preserve the long-term relationship.
Strong change management and training skills
The ability to analyse trends, identify critical threats and opportunities and diagnose problems and issues
Ability to manage a large and varied stakeholder group
Strong organisational, planning, time management and project management skills
The capacity to work in a busy, commercial, competitive environment and the ability to meet objectives / targets and deliver customer service
Excellent database, SQL and VB skills



What now:
This is a highly rewarding, career minded opportunity that will lead you on to great things. With a supportive management structure and a fantastic work / life balance which offers flexible, full time, part time and job share work arrangements, the CBA will, in return for your skills and passion, offer you a challenging, varied and enjoyable opportunity and the autonomy to shine.
If you live the values and demonstrate the people capabilities, we can offer great opportunities. Whether you want to move across the organisation or up into a leadership role, the way you live the values and demonstrate the people capabilities are key. If you are seeking a new challenge, then please don't delay and apply now.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 19/05/2022"
45,"Job Reference Number 22-OHPRDIV-13184
Classification APS Level 6
Job Title Data Analyst (Several Positions)
Division Office of Health Protection and Response Division
Branch Public Health and Surveillance Branch
Section Several
Location Woden, ACT - Hobart, TAS - Brisbane, QLD - Melbourne, VIC -
Adelaide, SA - Sydney, NSW - Perth, WA - Darwin, NT
Status Ongoing
Employment type Full-time
Salary Range $88,439 - $99,772
Security Clearance Baseline (Protected, Highly Protected, Restricted, Confidential)
Desirable Qualifications Qualifications in public health, epidemiology or relevant
experience
Contact Officer Name: Aaliya Ibrahim or Matt Anido
Phone: 02 6289 1463/ 02 6289 3071
Email: Aaliya.ibrahim@health.gov.au


Eligibility
To be eligible for employment with the Department of Health applicants must be an
Australian citizen at the time an offer of employment is made

An applicant’s suitability for employment with Health will also be assessed through a
variety of pre-employment check processes, such as:

Satisfactory completion of an Australian Federal Police criminal history check,
and where relevant a Working with Children and Vulnerable People Check.
Completion of a medical declaration and pre-employment medical (where
required).
Providing evidence of qualifications.

Division Responsibilities
The Office of Health Protection and Response (OHPR) is responsible for protecting the
health of the Australian community through effective national leadership and coordination
and building of appropriate capacity and capability to detect, prevent and respond to
threats to public health and safety.
Branch Responsibilities
The Public Health and Surveillance Branch is responsible for supporting the national
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It provides national leadership, advice, analysis,
coordination, and communication on health protection policy. The Branch undertakes
international and national surveillance and develops evidence-based policy to support a
national response.
Section Responsibilities
Country Risk Assessment Team
The Country Risk Assessment Team is staffed with epidemiologists, public health, policy
officers and other professionals to produce policy advice and evidence-based assessments
of the status of COVID-19 in the international context. The team undertakes regular
monitoring of epidemiological trends and emerging evidence from around the world, to
inform Australia’s domestic and border responses, and provide policy and implementation
advice on a range of related matters.
COVID-19 Surveillance Team
The COVID-19 Surveillance Team is staffed with epidemiologists, data analysts and public
health professionals who provide essential analysis, advice and reporting on the
epidemiology of COVID-19 to inform the national response efforts. The team are also
responsible for the national coordination of surveillance policy and informing response
policies based on the epidemiological situation. The section produces a number of
epidemiological and surveillance products throughout the week, inclusive of weekends, to
inform the current situation and response activities.
Key Responsibilities
Responsibilities may include:
Collation of high quality COVID-19 surveillance data.
Analysing data and providing high-quality epidemiological advice.
Supporting the development and maintenance of surveillance, monitoring and/or
reporting systems.
Providing committee support, including the development of policy papers and other
products, for committees of experts in communicable disease epidemiology and
surveillance.
Supporting the development of high quality and appropriately tailored advice
informing national surveillance policy and public health response measures.
Providing advice to government and other stakeholders in support of national
COVID-19 response efforts.
Key Capabilities
Ability to work under limited direction to complete statistical data analysis,
interpretation and report writing.
Strong analytical, research and problem-solving skills with attention to detail and
ability to identify and concisely communicate key data, concepts and issues.
Highly developed written and oral communication skills, including the ability to
appropriately tailor products for specific audiences and engage with a diverse range
of key stakeholders.
Demonstrated sound judgment and excellent work planning and organisational skills.
Ability to be flexible and resilient under pressure to meet short deadlines and
operate effectively and collegiately in a dynamic work environment.
Desirable Experience
Demonstrated knowledge of communicable disease control and/or international
health systems and policy
Experience in health systems and policy, including communicable disease
epidemiology, surveillance, investigation and/or control.
Experience with data analysis packages such as STATA or R.
Application Response (Single page application)
Your application will be assessed on your ability to demonstrate that you possess, or have
the real potential to develop, the required skills, knowledge, experience and qualifications
to perform the role. These requirements are based on the information provided to you as
part of the job advertisement, in line with the APS Work Level Standards.
Applicants are required to provide a statement of claims framed around the key duties and
key capabilities. Your statement of claims should be no more than one page in total with a
font no smaller than size 10. Applications that do not meet these requirements may not
be considered.
Work Environment Description
Responsibilities – As detailed in Section 28 of the Work Health and Safety Act 2011 while at
work, a worker must:
Take reasonable care for his or her own health and safety
Take reasonable care that his or her acts or omissions do not adversely affect the
health and safety of other persons
Comply, so far as the worker is reasonably able, with any reasonable instruction that
is given by the person conducting the business or undertaking to allow the person to
comply with this Act
Cooperate with any reasonable policy or procedure of the person conducting the
business or undertaking relating to health or safety at the workplace that has been
notified to workers
Complete all WHS related induction and training
Report all work related incidents and/or illnesses to the WHS Section
Description Requirement Additional Information
Administrative
1. Computer Use Yes
2. Generic screen based Yes
3. Sitting at desk Yes
4. Standing for long periods No
Manual Handling
5. Lifting 0-15kg No
6. Lifting 15 kg + No
7. Climbing No
8. Bending No
9. Squatting No
10. Reaching No
11. Push/pull No
12. Sequential Repetitive No
Movements in short period of time
Description Requirement Additional Information
13. Manual dexterity/manipulation No
Work Environment
14. Work with others towards Yes
shared goals in a team environment
15. Works in isolation from other Yes
staff (remote supervision)


16. Distance walking (ie: Large No
building or inter-building transit)


17. Works outdoors No
18.Works in a call centre No
environment
19. Works in a customer service No
environment
Tasks Involving
20. Exposure to chemicals No
21. Exposure to biological hazards No
22. Working at heights No
23. Requirement to wear personal No
protective equipment (PPE)
24. Requirement for full Colour No
vision
25. Work with energetics and No
explosives
26. Exposure to Petrol, Oil, Lubricant No
Products that may cause
dermatological conditions
27. Exposure to extreme No
temperatures
28. Confined spaces No
29. Exposure to Non-ionising No
radiation
Description Requirement Additional Information
30. Excessive Noise No
31. Low Lighting No
32. Dangerous Goods/ Equipment No
33. Exposure to airborne odours No
Travel
34. Frequent travel - Vehicle No
35. Frequent travel - Aeroplane No
36. Frequent travel - Seaborne No
Cyclic Workload
37. Peaks & Troughs Yes
38. Frequent Overtime No
39. Rostered Shift Work No"
46,"Data Quality Analyst
Play a key role in uplifting the data quality of our banking product data for regulatory reporting, compliance, and customer service purposes.
As a Data Quality Analyst, you will work with a diverse range of stakeholders and data teams to uplift the current data quality management capabilities and leverage these across banking products in general, with a specific focus on home loans. You will learn detailed processes and be able to critically assess home loan application information to determine reporting attributes in line with regulatory reporting requirements. In addition, you will be able to flexibly update to new reporting guidance and adapt to undertaking reviews for other data quality remediations.
Your day to day activities will include:
undertaking detailed data quality reviews for banking products, particularly home loans
determining accurate reporting information with a high degree of attention to detail
documenting supporting evidence for conclusions reached
arranging source system updates for data quality remediation
communicating progress against weekly volumes of data quality reviews
escalating problems to management and governance teams where necessary
For success in this role, you’ll need to bring:
previous experience in credit approvals, data quality remediation or similar work
the capacity to maintain high output levels over a sustained period
proficiency with using data applications, particularly Excel
an ability to consider multiple sources of information
a high degree of attention to detail
the ability to work flexibly and learn other detailed remediation activities
If you are a driven individual who takes a proactive approach to your work, we want to hear from you. Apply online today.
About Banking and Financial Services
Banking and Financial Services is Macquarie’s retail banking and financial services business, providing a diverse range of personal banking, wealth management, business banking and vehicle finance products and services to retail clients, advisers, brokers and business clients.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: BFS-963491
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Technology, Operations
Group: Banking and Financial Services
Division: Product & Technology
Recruiter: Patrick Lockington
Opening Date: 01/3/2022"
47,"POSITION NUMBER
3432
DEPARTMENT
Enterprise Analytics and Data Science
ROLE TYPE
Non-teaching
JOB TYPE
Full time
CONTRACT
Fixed term
LOCATION
Preston
APPLICATIONS CLOSE
19 May 2022
DATA AND BUSINESS ANALYST
Fantastic team dynamic
Work within a challenging and rewarding environment
Full-time, Ongoing position
PACCT 8 ($97,261.94 - $105,951.30)
About the Organisation:
Melbourne Polytechnic Institute offers not only a different way to learn: we also offer a different way to work. We believe in the importance of a good work-life balance and offer a range of benefits to support our staff to achieve their best. We have a flexible and supportive culture and we’re always on the lookout for skilled, motivated individuals to join us.
About the role:
Responsible for working with stakeholders across the organisation to describe and document how the business uses data and to unpack our key measures.
The role is also responsible for partnering with stakeholders to deliver impactful, insightful and well researched data analysis to support the achievement of the Polytechnic’s strategic goals and effective business planning.
To be successful in this role, you will have:
Bachelor Degree or Master’s degree in a field including Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics or similar with a minimum of 3 years’ experience delivering analytic results.
High level proficiency using Microsoft Excel, R and Python for data manipulation, cleansing, analysis and automation.
High level proficiency in querying relational databases (Microsoft SQL Server)
High level proficiency in Power BI or similar visualisation tools.
Experience in consulting with stakeholders in cross-functional teams to enable the delivery of enterprise wide strategic initiatives and prioritized improvement projects.
Want to find out more? Check out the position description and submit your application as soon as you can.
We will be selecting quickly so you don’t want to miss out on this great opportunity.
Applications must address the selection criteria in the Position Description.
Applications will only be considered from candidates that have the appropriate approval to work in Australia.
Melbourne Polytechnic promotes a workplace that actively seeks to include, welcome and value unique contributions of all people.
Melbourne Polytechnic encourages Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, people with disabilities, LGBTIQ+ and from culturally diverse backgrounds to apply for this job, with age being no barrier.


The COVID-19 Mandatory Vaccination (Workers) Directions, made under the Public Health and Wellbeing Act 2008 (Vic) and as amended and replaced from time to time (Directions), affect all persons employed or engaged to perform work by Melbourne Polytechnic.
As such, offers of employment from Melbourne Polytechnic are conditional upon the applicant being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or medically exempt and providing satisfactory evidence of the same.


Position Description
April 2022 Data & Business Analyst"
48,"Utilise your prior experience in identifying and communicating data-driven insights as a Data Analytics and Insights Analyst and join our Data Modelling and BI Centre of Excellence.
What impact will you have?
Supported by an established team of data engineers and solution architects, as a data modeler you will design, implement, and document data architecture and data modelling solutions. These solutions support enterprise information management, business intelligence, and other business interests. Key responsibilities will include:
working with finance and business stakeholders, and application/solution teams to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual and logical data models having regards to business and regulatory drivers.
implementing business data requirements through new data strategies and designs across all data platforms (relational (e.g. MS SQL Server), dimensional, and NoSQL (e.g. Cloudera) and data tools (reporting, visualization, and analytics)
defining and governing data modelling and design standards, tools, best practices, risk management and related development for enterprise data models
identifying architecture, infrastructure, and interfaces to data sources, tools supporting automated data loads, security concerns, analytic models, and data visualization
building data and analytics capabilities by partnering with Finance, Business and Technology teams across all aspects of the Information Management life cycle
developing and implementing robust report production processes and oversee handover to aligned operational teams
developing an intimate understanding of the flow of data through the organisation. Interrogate and investigate the Data Warehouse to deliver an improved reporting & analysis toolkit, supporting strategic decision making across the broader organisation
championing the use of enterprise data management and governance frameworks for data and analytics via Collibra
What skills will you use?
You will bring with you three or more years hands on experience in data modelling, data analysis, management reporting or similar roles. You will also possess:
an understanding of data modelling and data warehouse concepts, data architecture principles and the ability to extract and transform data from multiple sources
proficient in using traditional data bases like MS SQL Server or Teradata and data processing
confident user of work flow automation, analytics or visualisation applications such as Alteryx, Power BI or comparable products
exposure to big data architecture and platform solutions tools
Strong academic results and / or professional qualifications.
Our team values diverse points of view, is action-oriented and energetic. We worked flexibly before Covid-19 and even more so now, and we are proud of our mix of locations, levels and backgrounds. We have a flexible approach to working underpinned by the commitment to deliver to a high standard for our Macquarie stakeholders.
If you value flexibility and diversity, have a passion for data with a proven track record of delivering outcomes, we would love to hear from you. Please reach out to Maddy Wilson if you would like to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-962179
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: FMG Central
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 19/1/2022"
49,"Technical Data Architect / Data Analyst contract – 6 months, rolling.
Contact engagement working with a leading enterprise.
We are looking for a more junior technical / data architect or analyst. You will be familiar with data schema, dictionaries, ETL mappings etc.
The Role:
Current state impact analysis - scope: Digital Core program data landscape, assisting the Program & Solution architects
Assist in documenting the current state (on-premises) data landscape. Largely MS data tech stack, plus various ETL tools and Mulesoft integrations.
Analyse data flow/mapping impact due to Digital Core program transitions: replacement of legacy ERP system with 6+ best-of-breed cloud SaaS ERP capability solutions.
o Document current state vs transition state ETL data mapping (logical)
o Document current state vs transition state ODS/DW schema change/gap impacts
Document technical requirements to maintain existing data flows to minimise impact per program transition:
o ETL data mapping – new data sources to transitional ODS/DW schema
o Summary of required ODS/DW schema change & gaps
Data & Analytics Roadmap analysis,
Capture current state data landscape – data flows (ETL) and data stores (schema, dictionaries)
Import & cleanse metadata into the enterprise data catalogue tool (TBD)
Analyse the current state for consolidation opportunities
o Merge duplicate data flows & stores into enterprise data model per data domain
Document roadmap transition proposals to consolidate ETL workflows & data domain stores.
About you: -
Extensive, broad and deep holistic knowledge of multiple technologies and their applications to business problems across technical architectures and technology silos.
Qualifications in technology or relevant professional experience
Exposure to multiple, diverse technical configurations, technologies and processing environment
Sound knowledge of a technical Domain, or experience working with multiple technical domains.
Understanding and knowledge of current technology standards and controls
Ability to work effectively with business and technical roles
Experience of managing the long-term and short-term implications of individual decisions
Motivated and driven by achieving long-term business outcomes
Team player and collaborative
Proven expertise in traditional and agile environments
Experienced in change initiatives associated with technology in business, software development and Solution Architecture design
In-depth understanding of Utility and Corporate and digital environments, products and processes.
Strong knowledge of multiple technologies, platforms, and programming languages
Understanding of non-functional aspects of IT Architecture
Strong problem-solving ability, analytical skills, accuracy and attention to detail
Excellent communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written with experience of presenting to executives.
Technical Data Architect / Data Analyst
Contract - 6 months, rolling.
This role can be located in Western Sydney, Sydney CBD and a Hybrid WFH option.
Job Type: Full-time"
50,"Carnival Australia is part of the Carnival Corporation, the worlds' leading cruise holiday company, representing iconic brands including P&O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Cunard, Carnival Cruise Lines, Holland America Line and Seabourn. It's an exciting time to join the local team, with the resumption of cruising just around the corner!

The Opportunity:
Reporting to the Data and Integration Development Manager, this new position based out of our Chatswood office will implement and maintain robust integrations to support data quality and automation in the Marketing eco-system for campaign execution and analytics.

Key Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:

Responsible for contributing to the development and management of information architecture, contributing to all phases of project delivery including initiating, planning, execution and closure
Interpreting business requirements from a technical point of view to deliver the required solution
assisting with the development of solution alternatives and evaluation of proposed options to support the development of the business cases
Development and implementation of approved solutions and integration into existing architecture
Contributing to second and third level support of solutions including regular rostered 24/7 support.
Out of office support roster rotation
About You:
Aside from your IT, systems and data experience, you will be self-motivated and driven with exceptional stakeholder management skills with the ability to create and maintain effective relationships. A ‘roll your sleeves up and get the job done' work ethic with the ability to be fluid, agile and always seeking ways to improve the system, business and team. Working with a close knit team, your customer focused outlook and extensive development skills will ensure your success in delivering solutions to drive overall business efficiencies.

To be successful in the role, you will have:

Demonstrated 5-10 years' experience in IT including database design and development
Experience integrating and modelling Marketing and Digital platforms to a Data Warehousing implementation
Experience in SQL and stored procedures, performance tuning, monitoring and design
Exposure to Snowflake and SnowSQL - desired
Strong understanding of project management and experience in all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle
Experience in python or a similar programmatic language and its usage in ET - desired
Ability to provide out of office hours support when required
Some of the amazing benefits we offer at Carnival Australia:

Offering a hybrid work model. 2 days WFH and 3 days in the Office
Incredible Family & friends discount on travel and on-board product launches
Reward & Recognition – attractive incentive schemes, recognition programs and rewards
A proud inclusive and diverse workplace who celebrate both professional and personal wins
Plenty of parking options or we are across the road from Chatswood train station
Delicious restaurants and cafes to choose from or eat in our amazing lunchroom
At Carnival Australia we pride ourselves on promoting an inclusive and flexible workplace culture where individual differences are valued. We are committed to working with people's strengths and encourage applicants to approach us for any necessary adjustments.
As part of our recruitment process and commitment to safety, suitable candidates will be required to undertake Background Checks which may include a Police Check, skills assessment/ testing and reference checks as part of your application process."
