,0
0,"Calling all SAS Data Analysts/Developers!

We have a long-term contracting position available with one of our Federal Government Clients. Do you have experience as an SAS Analyst or Developer? Because we have the job for you!

Duties

Data extraction and analysis using Teradata, DB2, SQL and SAS (SAS Enterprise Guide, Base SAS or SAS Studio)
Producing quality output in a timely manner
Building interactive reports and dashboards using SAS Visual Analytics (Viya)
Be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve

Skills and Experience

SAS,
SAS Visual Analytics (Viya) or similar data and visualisation technologies
SQL
Teradata
DB2

How to Apply
Does this role sound perfect for you? If so, to register your interest in this role, please either contact Peter Ding or the Compas Team on (02) 6230 0233 and send through your CV by following the link below.

About Compas:
Compas Pty Ltd is a Canberra based wholly Australian owned, Recruitment and Services company that has been operating since 1987. We specialise in the provision of permanent, contract and temporary recruitment services, as well as specialised Consulting assignments.

YOUR APPLICATION WILL BE TREATED WITH THE STRICTEST CONFIDENCE
Due to the nature of this environment, Australian Citizens with the ability to obtain a Government Security Clearance need only apply!
JO-2205-11481"
1,"GoTech Solutions (GoSol) is an established business in IT Consulting and Staffing solutions. We are seeking multiple full time / contract Candidates to be based in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne for our clients. Candidates are required to have experience in development and testing, and the ability to manage various teams including technical and functional offshore consulting teams for smooth implementation of changes and roll-outs.
These roles are for multiple projects running concurrently in Sydney, Perth and Melbourne. Salary offered will be proportionate to the skills and experience of the candidate and city.
Information Security Risk Analyst
InformationSecurity
Security first
culture
Framework
Policy,
Process and
guideline
review
Control
testing
Managed
Services
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $110,000.00 – $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Application Question(s):
Salary Expectation
Notice Period
Visa Status/ Working Rights
Personal Email
Experience:
Information Security Risk Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)"
2,"Macquarie’s Financial Management Group is recruiting Data Discovery Analysts to help transform our data capabilities across the Financial Management Group and Macquarie Group. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing data centre of excellence with a strong mandate to drive data-related change to enhance data capabilities, source high quality data across the organisation, and optimise reporting, modelling and analytics capabilities.
We work closely with Finance, Tax, Treasury and Risk functions to help define data requirements, source data from across Macquarie, establish data management standards, and partner with technology teams to implement solutions for a range of use cases.
Our work touches all of Macquarie’s business and support groups and your stakeholders include senior leaders and product owners in business and technology roles.
You will partner with Group Treasury (Liquidity Team) to deliver great data outcomes. As part of the project, you will work closely with members of group treasury, business teams and data teams to understand requirements of new data and remediation of data quality for existing data for liquidity reporting.
Within the team, you will apply a range of techniques to capture business data requirements and use your excellent analysis skills to comprehend data flows, understand data entity relationships and explain how data fits into system and business context to drive business outcomes.
Your effective communication ability and pro-activeness to deliver excellent data outcomes will ensure your success in this role. Success also includes using our market-leading tools to make existing data assets more discoverable across FMG, improving our ability to plan and manage the delivery of data change.
Supported by an established team of data business analysts the Data Discovery team BAs have detailed knowledge of our businesses and data assets and are well supported by aligned functions including Operations & Data Quality, Data Modelling, Business Intelligence, Data Architecture and Projects and Change – all aligned with our Data strategy. In this role you will have the opportunity to work closely with our data engineers, developers and solution designers.
Key responsibilities include:
partner with business and technology teams to analyse, define and deliver data solutions for Treasury.
work with Finance and business stakeholders to define and capture data requirements for project initiatives, including new regulatory reporting requirements, analysis and process improvement
engage and collaborate with business units (data producers), reporting teams (data consumers), technology and other internal stakeholders to assess impact and propose data sourcing solutions
liaise with senior management for approval on data sourcing solutions
identify opportunities for automation and continuous improvement
adhere to Data under Governance and Controls by working with stakeholders to define data definitions, business rules and data quality rules, critical data element identification, data lineage and risk and control assessment for regulatory system platforms and processes
impact assessments for new products and BAU changes, liaising with Data, Technology and Platform teams
championing the use of enterprise data management and governance frameworks as part of Data Discovery
as a senior member of the team, helping to mentor and build Data Discovery capabilities within the team.
You will need to bring the following experience and skills:
7 or more years hands on experience in business analysis, requirements gathering and data analysis
thorough appreciation of how data flows through systems, relationships between data, and data granularity
ability to break down functional requirements into data requirements
strong analytical (critical thinking), problem solving, written and communication skills
strong stakeholder management skills
attention to detail and the ability to prioritise responsibilities in a changing environment
proven ability to take on ownership and demonstrate accountability for results, balanced by sound professional judgement
ability to work both collaboratively and independently
strong skills in data requirement delivery process in a business context (financial services experience is a bonus, however not a must for this role) in terms data definition, data lineage and analysis of data quality measurement aspects
strong knowledge of SQL, data warehousing principles and analysis methods
understanding of data architecture and data modelling principles
relentless focus on collaborative, continuous improvement as high demands and challenges face you and the team, and be able to make and/or guide decisions when the path forward is not clear
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-964846
Work type: Maximum term
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Group Treasury
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 05/5/2022"
3,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

EY DnA is the data and advanced analytics capability within EY Asia-Pacific, with over 500 specialist employees working across multiple industry sectors.
We’re looking for people with strong Data related Solutioning and Consulting experience. You will need passion for a career in data analytics, where you will provide a consultative service on a variety of data driven decision making projects within a fast-paced consulting environment.

This role is open to applicants across Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane & Sydney.

As a Data Architect, you will support our clients in defining and implementing a data journey aligned with their strategic objectives.


Some of your responsibilities will include:
Design, develop and implement data collection, transformation, and data integration solution to create, coordinate and deploy data and analytics solutions
Create and present the solution design through a solution design document and finally estimate for complexity, effort and costs
Collaborate with solution design and business requirements teams to identify data requirements and influence project artefacts
Demonstrate technical expertise in modern AI, analytics, big data and associated technologies, cloud platforms, data quality, governance and architecture
Provide technical guidance as SME and hands on delivery team member across multiple clients and engagements
Lead technology consulting engagements, solution workshops and due diligence

Skills and attributes for success
Relevant Data Experience in a similar role with responsibilities as listed above.
Solid experience on Enterprise Data Warehouse integration and reporting developing modern data platform solutions, data governance, architecture frameworks and processes.
On hands experience in Big Data technologies and Apache ecosystem technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Hive, and have experience building end to end data pipelines using on-premise or cloud-based data platforms.
Technical leadership and the ability to work with a wider group of architects, application teams and business teams to define and socialise architectural concepts and approaches

Ideally, you’ll also have
Proven track record in either consulting in a date/information modelling environment in a big 4 plus
Certification in one of the Cloud Vendors (AWS, Microsoft, Google)- Preferred.
Experience in a delivery role on Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, Big Data or analytics projects

What we offer
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.
We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com.

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.
The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third-party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $150,000 including 10% superannuation.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
4,"Engage business and technology teams to deliver best in class.
Customer Lifecycle Management capabilities.
Work collaboratively with the various delivery practice groups.
Provide innovative solutions that meet the needs of our business.
Perform data gathering and develop business, technical and non-functional requirements.
Converts business needs into functional design using knowledge of system capabilities, knowledge and architecture Prepare technical documents such as data mapping and functional specifications.
Prepare process maps Assist in assessing and documenting the current state of business to identify and recommend improvements and verification and validation of resulting requirements
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $97,054.00 – $159,719.00 per year
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
5,"JOB REF:KH485752
Utilise your analytical skills to support, optimise and continually improve business operations.
Gain valuable commercial and operational experience to support your career development with WesCEF.
Based in Murdoch, permanent full time role with flexible working arrangements available, such as working from home and varied start/finish times.
Kleenheat has been providing energy solutions to homes and businesses across Western Australia and the Northern Territory for more than 60 years.
We’re committed to delivering energy for today’s customers and tomorrow’s opportunities, with a focus on safe and reliable products and helpful customer service.
We pride ourselves on our values of safety, accountability, integrity, collaboration and customer focus – with an understanding that our success is underpinned by our people.
About the role
We’re on the lookout for an innovative and driven Commercial Analyst to join the Commercial Operations and Pricing function within our Natural Gas and Electricity (NG&E) team.
The Commercial Operations and Pricing function is responsible for the day-to-day operations of Kleenheat’s Electricity Retail business, governing and maintaining the NG&E pricing process, and monitoring profitability. Reporting to the Commercial Lead, you’ll be responsible for providing analytical, reporting and operational support to the NG&E business. The role provides the right candidate the opportunity to be at the centre of unprecedented changes in the energy sector, focused on the understanding of economic, technological and regulatory factors, that will shape the coming decades. An important part of this role is stakeholder engagement, so in addition to your analytical capability you’ll be comfortable supporting internal and external stakeholders.
Key responsibilities include:
Supporting the team to ensure the day-to-day electricity retail function operates smoothly, including maintaining and supporting the monthly electricity billing process.
Assisting with the preparation, administration and submission of retail market obligations for the NG&E business.
Review and identify emerging trends in regulatory decisions and external economic factors to drive commercial decisions.
Prepare internal and external correspondence on key policy and economic issues.
Integrate changes into pricing models and assumptions, as well as actively contributing to the continual improvement of the overall commercial process.
Working closely with the NG&E business to provide analytical support for monitoring of portfolio profitability.
Working with internal and external stakeholders to provide support on pricing and operational matters.
Providing commercial support for Kleenheat’s Regulatory function.
Skills & experience:
We value all types of experiences here, so if you don’t meet all the skills and experience, we’d still love to hear from you. Some of the skills and experience we are looking for include:
Prior experience in an analytical, commercial, technical or engineering role.
Ability to collaborate across multiple teams and stakeholders.
High attention to detail, and ability to meet demanding deadlines.
Sound commercial decision making capability with a strong customer focus.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong research and data analysis skills.
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Experience working in a regulated utility, government policy or regulatory environment in the energy sector, including renewable or emerging energy (highly desirable but not essential).
Joining Kleenheat means you’ll have opportunities to grow your career in a collaborative environment where your voice is heard and your contribution valued.
Please note you are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to commence in this role.
We value our employees by offering:
Competitive remuneration including allocation of Wesfarmers shares and participation in our annual incentive plan.
Employer parental leave payment up to 16 weeks including superannuation on unpaid parental leave.
Ongoing professional development and career opportunities across our diverse businesses and the Wesfarmers Group.
Salary sacrifice opportunities, including novated lease vehicle packaging.
Access to employee benefits across Wesfarmers including staff discounts at Bunnings, Kleenheat, Kmart, Target and Officeworks and Wesfarmers Arts sponsored events.
We welcome people with different skills, and life experiences and encourage individuals from diverse backgrounds to apply.
We pride ourselves on developing and supporting people and recognise the importance of flexibility. When you apply, please let us know if you are seeking a flexible employment arrangement.
Applications close Monday, 30 May at 5pm AWST."
6,"Data management and Analytics Team, within the Identity and Cyber Security Division, is responsible for data, metrics and reporting across User Access Management and Privilege Access Management. We are seeking a Senior Data/Business Analyst to join the team to help with the delivery of our new strategic Central Data Hub reporting platform.

As a Data Analyst, you will be working with diverse stakeholders representing technology, operational risk and Macquarie business operations to define and document data and reporting requirements for the new reporting platform. You will perform analysis of data to ensure appropriate reporting and alignment in IAM Governance and Operational Reports. You will also be responsible identifying process gaps and for opportunities for enhancements of processes and controls.


Your key responsibilities in this role will be:
design and build of reports and dashboards using PowerBI application
analysis of data behind existing reports and dashboards
reviewing, identifying, and sourcing data for new or existing reports
ensure quality, completeness, and accuracy of data in reports and dashboard
perform analysis of data incidents and issues
respond to stakeholder queries related to data
generate granular data details for divisions to action
spot data trends to interpret impact and results
assist users to identify relevant data for remediation and resolution
identifying data issues and work with appropriate resources to resolve them
support monitoring of control effectiveness
support resolution of data related Service Desk tickets
give guidance and support and to other Data Analysts in the team


Our ideal candidate will:
Be curious and have a learning mindset: understanding “what” we need to do, but to be self-driven to understand “why” we are doing it, especially in the technical space.
Value our customers: Our team continues to deliver functionality for our customers to use, so responding to any customer concerns or feedback helps us continually improve what we offer, and helps build better relationships with them.
Accountability: Be able to own task you are given through to completion. Asking questions and raising concerns where needed.
Strong communicator: Clear and complete communication is crucial for this role. Telling the whole story and pre-empting any questions.


To be successful in this role, you will have the following skills and experience:
Experience in Power BI, and SQL
three or more years of experience in Senior technical business analyst or Senior data analyst roles
understanding of IAM domains such as Access Management, Identity Life cycle Management, Privileged Access Management, Reporting, and analytics
proven ability to communicate problems and solutions effectively
About the Corporate Operations Group
The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. We deliver service excellence to ensure Macquarie is open for business, deliver on transformational change, invest in our people and have deep relationships with our customers.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: COG-964349
Work type: Agency Worker
Location: Sydney
Category: Technology
Group: Corporate Operations Group
Division: Technology
Recruiter: Alex Clark
Opening Date: 26/4/2022"
7,"Mirvac is an Australian property group with a clearly defined purpose to ‘reimagine urban life’. For 50 years, we’ve dedicated ourselves to shaping Australia’s urban landscape. Our evolution has been significant, growing from a small joint venture to a thriving ASX-listed property group that leads the way in sustainability, innovation, safety and placemaking.

At Mirvac, we know that it’s our people, their passion and expertise and the exceptional experiences we create for our audience, that defines us.

Our opportunity

We have an opportunity for a Business Analyst (BI/Salesforce/Data) to join our Integrated Investment Portfolio business who creates, owns and manage extraordinary retail, office, industrial, build-to-rent residential mixed-use places. Our customer strategy is to deliver an experience that is the envy of the market, powers customer success and creates measurable value.

You will be a key contributor to delivering projects and outcomes aligned to our customer analytics and insights strategy. Working as part of a small team and working closely with our business, Customer, Data and Digital delivery teams you will execute and deliver projects.

Your key responsibilities will include and are not limited to:

Act as a product owner, understand business and customer desired outcomes
Define and document customer journeys and process aligned to desired outcomes
Document business requirements as user stories for our digital and data teams to deliver
Design products such as voice of customer surveys, dashboards, and CRM screens
Use business tools to build surveys in GetFeedback
Plan and execute user acceptance testing
Assess change impact and facilitate business transition through comms, training, etc.
Develop and manage relationships with stakeholders to influence and gain support for projects and initiatives.
Ensure that periodic voice of customer programs to capture feedback from customers
Provide reporting to board, executives and other stakeholders on various customer metrics (NPS, Complaints, etc) extracting, calculating, and providing insight
Support effective governance over our customer data and processes
Uplift customer data/analytics fluency in the business

Your point of difference
You will be qualified in Business, Project Management, Technology, Data or equivalent with solid experience in customer insights and data or a business analyst role; including transformation and innovation experience.

You will have a high proficiency and understanding of data and analytics platforms coupled with the ability to produce reports with key insights and metrics. Experience in Salesforce will be advantageous.

Exceptional stakeholder engagement and influencing skills are essential to your success.

What sets us apart?
Mirvac's team is our most valuable asset, and we invest in our people accordingly. A huge part of this is creating a positive workplace environment, where people are respected, encouraged and rewarded.

We're proud to have built a culture of inclusivity, innovation and collaboration, becoming a place where people genuinely want to work. We feel fortunate to have so many talented, purpose-driven individuals on our team and our distinctive employee benefits highlight one of the ways we show our appreciation covering Lifestyle, Wellbeing, Community and Learning & Development - and with employee engagement exceeding 90%, it seems this appreciation goes both ways.

If you are interested in being considered for this diverse, rewarding and challenging opportunity please apply online."
8,"Senior Delivery Lead - NSW Data Analytics Centre (DAC)
Play an influential role in the delivery of high-profile projects
Support a variety of outcomes across NSW Government
Working with genuinely awesome, ambitious, and collaborative people
Make a difference to the people of NSW
Great exposure to cutting edge technology


Our Mission
The NSW Data Analytics Centre’s (DAC) mission is to build world-class capabilities in whole-of-government data analytics to improve outcomes for citizens of NSW. In a world of increasing complexity and rapid change, data analytics has the potential to deliver innovation in service provisions and improve outcomes by generating new perspectives. The NSW DAC was the first of its kind in Australia, and a model now being replicated in other jurisdictions.
The Data Analytics Centre (DAC) exists to lead a whole-of-government approach in tackling some of the State’s most difficult policy challenges. Using DAC’s Data Analytics Platform, the DAC works to connect data, people and insights to build world-class capabilities in whole-of-government data analytics to improve health and well-being, safety, social, economic and environmental outcomes for the citizens of NSW.
Take a look at our website at https https://data.nsw.gov.au/nsw-data-analytics-centre to learn more about us.
About the Role
An exciting opportunity for a Senior Delivery Lead to join the NSW Data Analytic Centre’s diverse and collaborative team, engaging with various partners both internally to the Department of Customer Service (DCS) and across the NSW government sector.
As Senior Delivery Lead, you will manage and coordinate the development and implementation of agency projects to support key government initiatives such as the Premier’s Priorities. The DAC as a provider of advanced data analytics and data services capability which aid in development of data driven decision making, evidence-based policy making and service delivery. The role actively contributes to a high performing team environment, providing excellent customer service and enabling continual service improvement practices.
Key Responsibilities

Building a high performing, self-organizing (Kanban squads/scrum teams).
Lead and facilitate Agile ceremonies and provide coaching for new team members.
Identify, mitigate, and escalate issues and risk where appropriate.
Build strong relationships with customers and partners.
Manage and maintain delivery documentation and reporting.
Lead the use of data, appropriate methodologies, research, and analysis to deliver on DAC priorities.
Lead the development of high-quality data analysis and reporting.
Lead engagements with customers to collaborate on then planning of projects to enable delivery and a sound assessment of outcomes.
Contribute in helping to Identify and capitalise on opportunities to develop and maintain strategic relationships across government, industry, and the community.
Provide coaching and mentoring to other team members to achieve high levels of performance in meeting the project/unit objectives and a culture of ongoing capability development.
Contribute at a senior level to the overall management and strategic development of the business unit and perform duties as required by the Director, Data Services.


Key Skills and Experience
Relevant tertiary qualifications (technical or I.T. related).
Demonstrated currency of knowledge in the areas of agile delivery and project management.
Strong communication, presentation, and collaboration skills – Experience in ensuring that key relationships, internally and externally, are managed effectively and alignment is achieved across all teams.
Display the key behaviours of an agile mindset – Trust, Transparency and Collaboration.
Ability to dealing with a diverse range of complex matters and highly conceptual issues to recommend practical solutions, often within limited timeframes.
Translate technical and complex information into plain English in an environment of divergent stakeholder perspectives.
A general understanding of data technologies and analytical methods.


Highly Desirable
Expensive experience as Project Manager, Delivery Officer, Delivery Lead, Technical Project Management or Technical Business Analysis and or strong background in the planning and delivery of technical solutions in the I.T. space.
Senior leader, customer engagement and senior account management skills.
Strong understanding of the Agile Methodology and extensive experience in its practical application to support the delivery of large project portfolio.
Experience in relationship management with government agencies, private industry, peak industry advisory bodies, the public, committees, and other groups.


Who You Are
You have a passion for working with people and believe in the power of empowered Agile delivery teams.
You have a pragmatic approach to preaching agile methodologies.
You know how IT projects work - and you love delivering outcomes for our customers.
You're someone who is highly organised and ready to go. All the time.
You understand the challenges our customers go through to move from a project to an outcome-oriented mindset, and you’re willing to help them with it.
You're a natural at building trusting relationships in the team and with our customers.
You thrive when collaborating with others to make things happen.
You have a good sense of direction and can inspire others.
You walk and talk the live values everyday: Integrity, Accountability and Trust.
Able to manage multiple concurrent work streams.
Ability to declutter complex problems into manageable chunks.


Why the DAC and the Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is the newest agency in the NSW Government. We are a central agency of Government, comprised of agencies and business units that deliver regulatory and other services to the people of NSW and across the NSW Government. We are committed to championing the interests and perspectives of NSW citizens to deliver better customer service outcomes.
The DAC is committed to building a culture of highly engaged and talented people, all working together in a collaborative and high-performance culture which facilitates career mobility and diversity. Our culture is underpinned by the NSW Public Sector core values of Excellence in Service, Integrity, Accountability and Trust and a clear set of expected behaviours.
How to Apply!

Your application should include a cover letter of no more than 2 pages, and an up-to-date resume of no more than five pages which clearly details your skills and experience as relevant to this role. Applicants invited for interview will be required to complete additional assessments. There are no selection criteria to be addressed.

A Talent Pool may be created for future on-going and temporary roles and is valid for a period of up to 12 months.
For enquiries regarding this position, please contact Vincent Azara on Vincent.Azara@customerservice.nsw.gov.au.
Salary grade 9/10, with the base salary for this role starting at $113,343 base plus superannuation.


Based on our current Work, Health and Safety (WHS) requirements, and in line with our Mandatory Vaccination Policy, it is a condition of engagement for a role within Service NSW/Department of Customer Service that staff be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Successful applicants will be required to provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccination status or have an approved medical contraindication certificate. Any relevant medical circumstances impacting on the ability to obtain a COVID-19 vaccination will be considered. These requirements apply to both internal and external preferred candidates and must be completed prior to commencing in the position. If you have a medical contraindication which may prevent you from complying with this requirement, please contact kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au to discuss your circumstances.
Closing Date: Friday 27th May 2022 at 9:59am.
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service (DCS) is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service, and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Visit our Careers site to find out what it means to work for us.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Inclusion & Flexibility
We are committed to diversity, inclusion, and new ways of working.
The Department of Customer Service serves all the people of NSW and we want to reflect that diversity in our people. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disability, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, the LGBTIQA+ community, veterans, carers, refugees, people in regional NSW and people of all ages. We strive to be an inclusive workplace where all our people can bring their authentic selves to work without judgement.
We understand that there are different ways of getting the job done and offer flexible working arrangements where and when possible.
If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form or contact the recruiter via kayla.hogan@customerservice.nsw.gov.au."
9,"Utilise your skills in business analysis and join a growing and specialised team, focused on delivering Financial Risk projects within our Risk Management Group. This is an exciting career opportunity that will allow you to develop expertise within the Financial Risk domain. As such, you will bring with you prior experience or interest in any of the below fields:
Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk
Market Risk
Credit Risk
You will join a project delivery team tasked with supporting the Market Risk, Credit Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk client divisions with achieving their ambitious change agenda. Our persistent internal project team comprises project professionals with varied experience who focus on multiple complex initiatives delivering significant change due to regulatory and / or internal drivers for change. The role offers a great career path for an organised mind with a deep interest and curiosity in Financial Market Regulation and Financial Risk management across the group.
With prior experience as a project Business Analyst, you will bring with you a proven ability to deliver system, process, procedure and policy changes in Financial Risk or related areas. You will leverage your great communication skills and interest in Financial Markets to deliver end to end change in one or more projects, ensuring requirements are met and benefits realised, driving key outcomes as agreed with your business stakeholders.
Your key responsibilities will include:
Leading and participating in gathering information, evidence, facilitating workshops as part of the project deliverable – including gap analysis of current vs future state
Co-ordinating and/or implementing changes made to systems, processes, policies and procedures end to end to solve the problem at hand
Acting as a primary point of contact for your project delivery, you will build enduring relationships with key business stakeholders, leveraging your understanding of the subject matter area to frame the problem in business terms
Leveraging your agile experience to get the job done in a pragmatic way
Contributing to project plans and providing updates including identifying, communicating, and managing risks to solution delivery
You will bring with you:
Prior experience as a Business Analyst
An interest and understanding of work required in the financial risk domain, if not direct experience
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Proven interpersonal skills to establish effective working relationships with key stakeholders and managing expectations
Relevant degree / qualifications
Experience in delivering projects through geographically dispersed teams and external resources is desirable
Prior experience in front or middle office roles, including product control, projects & change and/or trading functions is desirable
If this sounds like you please apply today or reach out to Maddy Wilson to learn more at maddy.wilson@macquarie.com
About the Risk Management Group
The Risk Management Group (RMG) is an independent, centralised unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Behavioural Risk, Compliance, Credit, Financial Crime Risk, Internal Audit, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk, and RMG Enterprise Support.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: RMG-962598
Work type: Permanent - Full time, Agency Worker
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Projects, Improvements & Change, Risk Management
Group: Risk Management Group
Division: RAAR
Recruiter: Maddy Wilson
Opening Date: 16/2/2022"
10,"Imagine a career where your innovation and creativity can make a positive impact on the world around you. At Siemens we focus on the biggest challenges facing Australia and New Zealand and provide technology-based solutions from our Building Technology, Mobility, Power Generation, Healthcare, Energy Management, Digital Factory, and Process Industries and Drives divisions.

Siemens is one of the largest and most successful electrical engineering and electronics organisations in the world. Operating across many different industry sectors, our technology products and services touch almost all our lives in some way every day of the year. Join us and discover how you can make a difference.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for an individual who loves to work with data to join our Smart Infrastructure team as Sales Intern based in Bayswater, VIC.

As a Sales Intern with Siemens you will gain experience across the Siemens Salesforce platform, with a view to becoming a technical champion. Tasks will include cleaning raw data within the CRM, troubleshooting, creation of user accounts, and assisting users with technical issues. In all aspects we are looking for confident, curious, self-motivated individual, with a problem solving mentality who has a passion for data.

Our people are motivated, enthusiastic, and flexible. They’re passionate about making a difference and look for opportunities to get involved. If this sounds like you, then we’d love to hear from you.

Our success is underpinned by the sustainable value we bring to our customers and we do this through our products, services, solutions, and our people. Siemens offers an environment where high performance is rewarded and avenues for growth encouraged and nurtured.

Siemens is a proud equal opportunity employer, creating a work environment of diversity and inclusion. Our diverse workforce cultivates Innovation and Excellence and in turn creates a workplace where our employees belong and prosper. Diversity and inclusion help us fully realise the potential of our people. As part of Siemens Ownership culture, Siemens also genuinely supports reasonable flexible working practices that empower our employees to best meet work and personal commitments.

Organization: Smart Infrastructure
Company: Siemens Ltd.
Experience Level: Early Professional
Job Type: Full-time"
11,"We have multiple Mid-level and Senior Business Analyst opportunities in our Reporting, Risk, Analytics & Platforms team within Macquarie’s Financial Management Group. Use your business knowledge and analytical experience to assist an established project team with the delivery of a significant & high-profile regulatory transformation project.
About the role
As a Business Analyst, you’ll support in delivering to our critical regulatory milestones in reporting and data. You’ll support in lifting remediation issues as a team player with an inquisitive, analytical mindset to delve deeper into the root causes. We have scope to hire at a mid or senior level.
As an instrumental part of our Group Treasury team, you will work closely with subject matter experts to understand and document, business and data requirements for products and calculations. You will act as a liaison between business users and the technology delivery teams and be able to articulate and assist with the understanding and interpretation of requirements. In addition, you may also participate in testing.
To be successful, you will have the following skills.
Ability to understand business processes and scenarios, their impacts, and effects on data
Ability to work closely with business and technical stakeholders at all levels as a team player
Business analysis experience; specifically in the financial or regulatory reporting space
Strong product knowledge; derivative and commodity knowledge preferable but not essential
Strong problem solving and analytical skills, with good attention to detail
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Able to coordinate multiple assignments and work independently to meet project milestones and deadlines
’Can do’ proactive attitude, with a proven record of delivering project outcomes
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths. An inclusive and equitable environment enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity, equity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-964609
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Mid-senior, Mid-level, Junior, Data & Analytics
Group: Financial Management Group
Division: Group Treasury
Recruiter: Verity Morison
Opening Date: 02/5/2022"
12,"This is an exciting new opportunity to join Macquarie’s Risk Management Group, focused on key Financial Crime Risk initiatives. This is a high visibility role, on a multi-year, CRO sponsored program!
Focused on key Financial Crime Risk (FCR) initiatives, this role sits within an experienced team and involves working with FCR stakeholders, colleagues in technology, operations and other business groups to assess impacts on current state, as well as shape and deliver solutions which manage our external obligations and allow our Risk Management Group to effectively manage risk.
We are seeking both a Manager and a Senior Manager with Business Analyst capability. In this role you will assess impacts on current state, as well as shape and deliver solutions which manage our external obligations and allow our Risk Management Group to effectively manage risk.
As a member of the Projects and Change team, you will be responsible for:
Business Analysis at all stages of the project lifecycle (from initiation to implementation)
Working to deadlines, delivering to scope
Contributing to working group packs
Maintain an open dialogue with the team
Communicate identified risks.
To be successful in the role you will bring with you at least 3+ years prior Business Analyst experience, ideally gained within the financial crime domain. You will use your strong written and verbal communications skills to communicate with a broad range of stakeholders, and be able to work both independently and has part of team.
If this sounds like you then we would love to hear from you, please apply via the link below.
About the Risk Management Group
The Risk Management Group (RMG) is an independent, centralised unit responsible for ensuring all risk across Macquarie are appropriately assessed and managed. Its divisions include Behavioural Risk, Compliance, Credit, Financial Crime Risk, Internal Audit, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Regulatory Affairs and Aggregate Risk, and RMG Enterprise Support.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive."
13,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

We’re looking for a Product Analyst, within our Digital and Emerging Technologies team. The Product Analyst is responsible for the delivery of market research data and the development of tangible consumer benefits. Through your efforts to analyse data, marketing strategies are developed which will be used to enhance the reception of our product in the market.

How do you achieve this?

Work collaboratively with product leads to understand the product vision and business objectives to scope and roadmap the product’s delivery
Assist with presenting technical features for prioritisation through the Program Management Group (PMG) and ensure the business features are presented to PMG by business reps
Work collaboratively across the team to ensure that features to be created are assigned to the relevant areas
Support the team and track progress through mechanisms like stand-up meetings, periodic planning and stakeholder workshops
Assist assist delivery teams to progress design and escalate any risks and issues as required to ensure delivery
Suggest product enhancements to improve the user experience and support our client’s objectives

To be successful in this role, you must have:

Experience in software development projects, ideally having contributed to large enterprise scale Data and Analytics platform work
Ability to understand solution design and technical architecture and assist with preparing detailed technical features documents in collaboration with stakeholders
Highly developed verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a cross functional team and stakeholders
Strong analytical skills to assist product leads break down a solution into parts and understand the solution holistically
Excellent attention to detail to pick up gaps and ability to solve problems by engaging the correct stakeholders
Preferable to have experience in Cloud environment (AWS/Azure)
Agile/Scrum/Scaled Agile experience will be a big advantage
You must be an Australian citizen and be able to hold security clearance to be eligible for this position.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today."
14,"What you'll do as a Quantitative Research Intern at Akuna:
Our Quantitative Team are a mixture of mathematicians, statisticians and technologists that find solutions to problems. We create trading models and strategies scientifically by combining our quantitative expertise with an understanding of derivatives and financial markets. We are seeking interns to join the team to apply their quantitative skills to exciting problem. You don't need a background in finance or trading, instead we look for maths and coding skills.
Our Quantitative Researchers work closely with our developers and traders to analyse and predict all facets of derivative pricing and develop trading strategies using statistical and machine learning algorithms. They create, conduct, and analyse experiments to develop a deep understanding of derivatives and financial markets, test solutions using historical parameters and market data, and perform extensive data analysis to directly improve our trading strategies, design and implement optimisation algorithms for portfolio construction, and advances existing initiatives to explore opportunities for new research topics.
This internship will include a mixture of Akunacademy training sessions, project work, and mentoring opportunities. If this sounds interesting to you, apply now! We are looking for people who have innovative ideas, think analytically, and have an entrepreneurial mindset and want to make an immediate impact in our growing company and contribute to Akuna's strategy portfolio.
Internship dates: 10 weeks from November 2022- February 2023
This is a paid internship with an annual salary of $100K AUD pro rata for the summer. We, further, provide travel and housing for anyone not living in Sydney.
Requirements for this role:
Australian or NZ citizen or Australian Permanent residences only
University Degree, graduating between August 2023 and January 2024
An understanding of statistics and machine learning
Basic programming skills in Python or C++
Strong maths skills: able to apply concepts of probability, calculus and linear algebra
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to run a project in a fast paced, team environment
Financial experience or studies are NOT a requirement
Qualities that make great candidates:
Bachelor, Honours, Masters or PhDs in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related degrees
Distinction Average & proven strong academics
Awards, prizes, medals, competitions, & scholarships
Experience in research within an academic or professional environment
Achievements outside of studies through your hobbies & interests
About Akuna:
Akuna Capital is an innovative trading firm with a strong focus on collaboration, cutting-edge technology, data driven solutions and automation. We specialise in providing liquidity as an options market maker – meaning we are committed to providing competitive quotes that we are willing to both buy and sell. To do this successfully we design and implement our own low latency technologies, trading strategies and mathematical models. At Akuna we have a flat structure, where the best idea wins.
Our Founding Partners, including our CEO Andrew Killion, first conceptualised Akuna in their hometown of Sydney. They opened our first office in 2011 in Chicago, the heart of the derivatives & options industry. Akuna then expanded to Sydney in 2018 to be the centre of our Asian trading operations, and in 2021 we moved to our Barangaroo waterfront office. We currently trade in HK, Korea, India, cryptocurrencies, and US night markets and are excited for expansions into all the major Asian exchanges. We also have offices in London, Shanghai and Boston.
At Akuna, we believe that the people are the centre of everything we do. Our Sydney office has a start-up feel with less than 200 people, which means you really get to know the team! We run social poker competitions, happy hours, have a fully stacked breakfast and snack room, host social events, go on company trips, social club events, and offer great training with our Akuna University. We are expanding rapidly and looking for the best talent to join us on this journey. If you enjoy being part of smart, driven teams with real challenges to solve- this could be the place for you!"
15,"Company Description

Connecting people and communities| Driving eCommerce | Moving Australia & New Zealand
With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.
From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner by road or rail, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.
Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.


Job Description

As a Business Analyst you will collaborate and engage with diverse stakeholders to ensure that the client’s organisational objectives are understood through the analysis and synthesis of information.
You will ensure alignment with strategic planning, business model analysis, process design and systems analysis and directly engage with the team and business stakeholder’s ensuring business is supported at all times.
What you'll do:
Setting priorities, assist in budgeting and plans to achieve overall unit strategy, goals and targets
Balance capabilities to align to the IT strategy and its alignment to the Business strategy
Ensure business analysis approach, provide input and develop the business case for projects by identifying the benefit associated and determine the operational dependencies and assumptions
Create and develop plans for growth and innovation to conduct business analysis
Ensure team understanding by defining business needs and translating them into business processes, designs and system needs
Lead/assist with project briefs – to identify benefits associated with particular pieces of work, operational dependencies, and establish appropriate proposals to clearly articulate the requirements


Qualifications

What are we looking for?
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology or a related discipline
About You:

An open mindset to continuously develop and strive for a career at Global Express along with a can-do attitude will set you apart.
The role requires someone driven, passionate, organised, and tenacious. The Business Analyst will have strong communication and negotiation skills with a desire to continuously learn and grow their skillsets and a team player.
Proven and consistent problem-solving ability
Highly developed interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and enthusiastic approach to work
Demonstrated capability in working with large volumes of data from different sources
Able to work autonomously or as a leader/member of a team
A forward-planning/strategic work outlook
Able to improvise, adapt and overcome objections/resistance and achieving goals
Integrity, accountability, respect, honesty, initiative and openness
Customer service focus
Results-driven
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Desire to promote innovation and continuous improvement

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.
It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.
To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers [link removed]
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
16,"TruRating – be part of something which will change the world.
Take the plunge. Live the dream. Do something you know will affect the lives of millions the world over, which will change the way businesses, consumers, and even governments think. Get out of bed in the morning for that adrenalin hit, love the pace, love the challenge, love doing what has never been done before – and love being the best you’ve ever been.
TruRating is a global, rapidly scaling data & tech startup. With our multi-award-winning, game-changing technology, we take a pulse of consumer sentiment whenever a customer pays, on the payment terminal, via their mobile or online. With an average of 88% of consumers responding in-store and 50% online, for the first time ever, businesses can now gain access to mass, representative and validated feedback. This unique data set also feeds a consumer website to compete with the likes of Yelp! and TripAdvisor, so consumers get trustworthy and representative recommendations from real customers.
Our customers include some of the best performing and highest-profile retailers in the world – and this group is growing all the time. We are collecting millions of ratings and over 150m data points every week and are ‘live’ in the UK, Europe, North America, Australia, and NZ. With 320m ratings now under our belt and global patents granted / registered, the world is there for the taking. We need to grow our passionate team to help us live out the dream and deliver on our incredible opportunity.
*
The role in a nutshell*
You will be responsible for delivering actionable and in-depth data analysis and recommendations to our clients - helping them to better understand and meet the needs of their consumers to grow and evolve their businesses.
You will also be part of a cross-functional team that continues to develop our insight as a service product - making recommendations on useful data sets to incorporate, developing new data analytics / insights and reviewing the ways in which the data is visualized and presented.
The role requires a talented and highly motivated individual who fits well into the team, has excellent communication skills and a keen eye for the detail. The successful candidate will need to quickly understand the capabilities of our software, the value of our data assets and the challenges and opportunities retailers who use our service face. You will be a great communicator and fantastic at articulating findings. You will immediately come in and add value to our discussions with retailers.
The successful candidate will have some previous data insight experience in at least one of the following areas with a desire to expand their knowledge across the others:
Retail
Restaurants/Hospitality
Ecommerce
Customer Experience
Market Research
Requirements
Key responsibilities
To turn large customer sentiment and transaction data sets into easy to understand, compelling and impactful data visualisations with clear commentary
To deliver robust and actionable analysis and recommendations that lead to business change for our retail clients
To explore and incorporate additional third party data sets that can be added to the existing data to provide deeper insight and context
To write or select new market research questions and design new market research campaigns to uncover further insight and key drivers of performance.
We would love to bring on board someone who is/has…
A curious instinct with a high aptitude for problem solving, resourcefulness and attention to detail
Highly proficient in using Excel, PowerPoint and BI tools to query, manipulate and visualise data Ability to interpret data, present insights and add commentary focussed on the business opportunity
Confident presenting analytics directly to clients with the ability to simplify complex data analytics and communicate to a non-technical audience. The ability to tell a story and to provide recommendations using the data and insights
An understanding of statistical techniques (e.g. regression models, clustering, statistical tests etc) supported by a university degree in a numerate discipline
Able to plan, prioritise and reliably deliver, to scope and on time, across multiple projects in collaboration with colleagues across time zones and locations
A team player with fantastic interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills
Self-reliant, resilient and proactive with a high motivation to make things happen, deliver effectively and efficiently.
Benefits
TruRewards
We offer our TruFamily members many benefits including 25 days holiday, a fun and creative working environment, supportive and high-quality colleagues, a fully stocked kitchen of treats and drinks, plus our fun summer and winter days out. We also provide a yearly allowance towards any personal health insurance policies that team members might hold which we pay monthly on top of annual salary.
Job Type: Contract"
17,"About us
The NSW Institute of Sport (NSWIS) is a high-performance sporting organisation that supports Australian athletes to become world’s best. We reach all regions of NSW with an Olympic and Paralympic training facility based at Sydney Olympic Park and high-performance hubs across NSW that provide world class daily training environments for our athletes and coaches. Our experts work in collaboration with partners within the national sporting system to create and deliver high performance support services and environments to prepare athletes and coaches for international competition.
About the role
NSWIS aspires to be a leader in sport intelligence and technology and is offering an exciting opportunity to fill a Section Lead, Senior Data Analyst role until 31 December 2024.
This role will play a significant part in the ongoing execution of an organisation-wide road map and best practice approach to data analytics ensuring NSWIS develops an international reputation as a progressive leader and provides our athletes with access to world class performance environments and services. This will include identifying ways of commercialising our sport intelligence capabilities via product development and industry partnerships.
Working closely with counterparts from the AIS and broader national high performance system to ensure NSWIS is aligned and integrated with the system, able to leverage its capability and resources, and develop a sustainable operating model.
This is a full-time position with an immediate start, offering a salary range $126,511 – $138,371, plus superannuation, which will be negotiable based on the successful candidates.
This is an identified position requiring a Working with Children and Police Check.
For further information about the role and the key accountabilities please see the .


About you
You will have:
You are a dynamic leader who has turned a passion for data and technology innovation into a career that has given you:
Demonstrated experience leading a team of data science/analytics experts where you have developed the capability of the team and driven the development and implementation of strategies and projects.
Led the development of systems to gather, manage and review information from a variety of sources, applied exploratory data analytics to detect trends, and built statistical models to make predictions and distil meaningful insights.
Deep understanding of high performance sport (Olympic & Paralympic sport is desirable).
Ability to frame business/organisational problems into mathematical models, develop analytics-based solutions, and present actionable recommendations to key stakeholders.
Possess a balance of analytical problem solving, and strong interpersonal, and relationship development skills.
Remain curious of and acquire new knowledge and skills (coaching the team to promote capability development).
Essential requirements
University-level qualifications in one of the following areas: Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or similar.
Fluent programming skills in: R and SQL (Python is a plus).
5-10 years experience working in a high performing inter-disciplinary environment in data analytics or sport intelligence.
Technical knowledge and understanding of how technology can enhance athlete and organisational performance.
Experience in project management and strategy development in a similar-sized organisation
Exposure to embedded systems and machine learning.
Experience in leading the technical capability development of a team.
Microsoft SQL Database experience including SQL scripting.
Level 1 & 2 Sport Integrity Australia (Anti-Doping Certificate)
Sport Integrity Australia – Anti-Doping Fundamentals and annual update 2022.
Sport Integrity Australia – PBTR – Child Protection and Safeguarding
Current driver’s license
Applying for the role
To apply for this role please submit:
A cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements and focus capabilities in the for the role (maximum 1 page)
An up-to-date CV outlining experience, qualifications and achievements (please include at least two referees)
A response to the pre-screening questions
In no more than two pages please answer the below questions:
Provide a recent example of where you have utilised data science techniques to successfully inform organisational decision making. Please describe the problem, your data sources, and your approach. (You can provide code snippets to supplement your answer).
Describe a recent example where you worked in a R environment. Specify techniques and libraries utilised, why you used them, how you enabled collaboration in the project and how environment replication was conducted.
If you would like to enquire about the role please contact Kirsten Thomson, Director Corporate & Communications via 02 9763 0222.
To apply complete your application via the iworkforNSW by midnight Sunday 22 May 2022. Only those applications that address the selection criteria and focus capabilities will be considered by the Selection Panel.


This recruitment may be used to create a Talent Pool for similar future roles that may arise over the next 18 months.
For more information about the NSW Institute of Sport please visit www.nswis.com.au.
The NSW Institute of Sport encourages all applicants who can be safely vaccinated for COVID 19, to be so. Candidates unable to receive the COVID-19 vaccination due to a medical condition may be requested to provide an NSW Health COVID-19 Vaccine Medical Contraindication form completed by a medical practitioner.

Commitment to Diversity
The NSW Institute of Sport is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce which reflects our community, sport partners and athletes. We encourage applications from suitable candidates including; of all ages, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, veterans, refugees, LGBTIQ+ community and people with disability."
18,"· Bachelor’s Degree · 2+ years of relevant professional experience · Excel skills (Pivot Tables, VLookups) · Experience working a queue of requests and meeting SLAs
Job summary Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 100 fully featured services to millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure. Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust. The AWS RI Team is in need of a driven, analytical, and process-oriented individual to own the creation and processing of EC2 Reserved Instance transaction requests. We're looking for a motivated self-starter who is excited to escalate systemic issues, identify opportunities for improvement, has experience meeting strict SLAs, is comfortable working from a ticket queue, and has a passion for accuracy. Candidate must have English and Korean language skills (oral and written). Key Responsibilities · Process Reserved Instance purchases and modifications · Occasionally act as escalation point for Reserved Instance requests and issues · Quickly establish root causes and communicate appropriately to internal stakeholders · Vocally self-critical to allow for self-correction of errors · Communicate effectively across all related channels to ensure transparency of process · Occasionally retrieve and evaluate data using Excel and other data management/BI systems Mandatory Requirement: • Strong verbal and written communication skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. • Strong data presentation skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. This job is not eligible for immigration sponsorship.

Functional experience with quantitative, analytical and organizational skills


Attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills


Existing knowledge of AWS Reserved Instances and tooling


Effective verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams


Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects


Highly organized, excellent multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
19,"Do you enjoy complex problem solving and have an interest in understanding how a global financial services group operates? Are you curious and like to be challenged whilst learning new skills?
Join a high-calibre, collaborative workplace within Liquidity Risk in Macquarie’s Group Treasury division. This is a unique opportunity which will necessitate you to think broadly, be forward-thinking and proactive, and consider how domestic and international regulatory changes and other internal and external factors will shape Macquarie's business activities.
We are looking for an Executive level to join Liquidity Risk. The team is responsible for developing internal liquidity frameworks, interpreting regulatory liquidity requirements, and monitoring compliance. Within this role, you will be involved in, but not limited to:
Developing the internal liquidity policy and framework across the Macquarie Group, including regional liquidity management and monitoring
Interpreting and updating liquidity assumptions and treatments
Regulatory interpretation – APS210 and Basel framework in particular
Advising senior management and business units on implications of internal and regulatory liquidity frameworks
Liquidity scenarios and stress testing
Stakeholder management and senior management reporting
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
Outstanding academic background in a financial or quantitative degree, e.g. actuarial, accounting, economics, engineering, mathematics
Strong numerical and analytical skills, coupled with an ability to understand and succinctly explain complex data sets and concepts
Clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
You will be confident in interacting with stakeholders and resolving competing priorities
A high level of attention to detail and commercial acumen
The following experience will be viewed favourably:
Previous experience within a Treasury function with exposure to liquidity risk or similar
Knowledge of the banking sector and regulatory environment
Understanding of accounting concepts and principles including profit and loss and balance sheet analysis
This role will give you exposure to senior stakeholders and the broader Group Treasury team, including the Liquidity / Markets team responsible for managing short-term liquidity and Funding team who manage and execute long-term debt issuance, banking relationships and funds transfer pricing.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-960097
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Recruiter: Fred Howe
Opening Date: 21/2/2022"
20,"Company Description

Connecting people and communities| Driving eCommerce | Moving Australia & New Zealand
With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.
From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner by road or rail, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.
Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.


Job Description

As a Business Analyst you will collaborate and engage with diverse stakeholders to ensure that the client’s organisational objectives are understood through the analysis and synthesis of information.
You will ensure alignment with strategic planning, business model analysis, process design and systems analysis and directly engage with the team and business stakeholder’s ensuring business is supported at all times.
What you'll do:
Setting priorities, assist in budgeting and plans to achieve overall unit strategy, goals and targets
Balance capabilities to align to the IT strategy and its alignment to the Business strategy
Ensure business analysis approach, provide input and develop the business case for projects by identifying the benefit associated and determine the operational dependencies and assumptions
Create and develop plans for growth and innovation to conduct business analysis
Ensure team understanding by defining business needs and translating them into business processes, designs and system needs
Lead/assist with project briefs – to identify benefits associated with particular pieces of work, operational dependencies, and establish appropriate proposals to clearly articulate the requirements


Qualifications

What are we looking for?
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology or a related discipline
About You:

An open mindset to continuously develop and strive for a career at Global Express along with a can-do attitude will set you apart.
The role requires someone driven, passionate, organised, and tenacious. The Business Analyst will have strong communication and negotiation skills with a desire to continuously learn and grow their skillsets and a team player.
Proven and consistent problem-solving ability
Highly developed interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and enthusiastic approach to work
Demonstrated capability in working with large volumes of data from different sources
Able to work autonomously or as a leader/member of a team
A forward-planning/strategic work outlook
Able to improvise, adapt and overcome objections/resistance and achieving goals
Integrity, accountability, respect, honesty, initiative and openness
Customer service focus
Results-driven
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Desire to promote innovation and continuous improvement

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.
It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.
To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers [link removed]
To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
21,"TruRating – be part of something which will change the world.
Take the plunge. Live the dream. Do something you know will affect the lives of millions the world over, which will change the way businesses, consumers, and even governments think. Get out of bed in the morning for that adrenalin hit, love the pace, love the challenge, love doing what has never been done before – and love being the best you’ve ever been.
TruRating is a global, rapidly scaling data & tech startup. With our multi-award-winning, game-changing technology, we take a pulse of consumer sentiment whenever a customer pays, on the payment terminal, via their mobile or online. With an average of 88% of consumers responding in-store and 50% online, for the first time ever, businesses can now gain access to mass, representative and validated feedback. This unique data set also feeds a consumer website to compete with the likes of Yelp! and TripAdvisor, so consumers get trustworthy and representative recommendations from real customers.
Our customers include some of the best performing and highest-profile retailers in the world – and this group is growing all the time. We are collecting millions of ratings and over 150m data points every week and are ‘live’ in the UK, Europe, North America, Australia, and NZ. With 320m ratings now under our belt and global patents granted / registered, the world is there for the taking. We need to grow our passionate team to help us live out the dream and deliver on our incredible opportunity.
*
The role in a nutshell*
You will be responsible for delivering actionable and in-depth data analysis and recommendations to our clients - helping them to better understand and meet the needs of their consumers to grow and evolve their businesses.
You will also be part of a cross-functional team that continues to develop our insight as a service product - making recommendations on useful data sets to incorporate, developing new data analytics / insights and reviewing the ways in which the data is visualized and presented.
The role requires a talented and highly motivated individual who fits well into the team, has excellent communication skills and a keen eye for the detail. The successful candidate will need to quickly understand the capabilities of our software, the value of our data assets and the challenges and opportunities retailers who use our service face. You will be a great communicator and fantastic at articulating findings. You will immediately come in and add value to our discussions with retailers.
The successful candidate will have some previous data insight experience in at least one of the following areas with a desire to expand their knowledge across the others:
Retail
Restaurants/Hospitality
Ecommerce
Customer Experience
Market Research
Requirements
Key responsibilities
To turn large customer sentiment and transaction data sets into easy to understand, compelling and impactful data visualisations with clear commentary
To deliver robust and actionable analysis and recommendations that lead to business change for our retail clients
To explore and incorporate additional third party data sets that can be added to the existing data to provide deeper insight and context
To write or select new market research questions and design new market research campaigns to uncover further insight and key drivers of performance.
We would love to bring on board someone who is/has…
A curious instinct with a high aptitude for problem solving, resourcefulness and attention to detail
Highly proficient in using Excel, PowerPoint and BI tools to query, manipulate and visualise data Ability to interpret data, present insights and add commentary focussed on the business opportunity
Confident presenting analytics directly to clients with the ability to simplify complex data analytics and communicate to a non-technical audience. The ability to tell a story and to provide recommendations using the data and insights
An understanding of statistical techniques (e.g. regression models, clustering, statistical tests etc) supported by a university degree in a numerate discipline
Able to plan, prioritise and reliably deliver, to scope and on time, across multiple projects in collaboration with colleagues across time zones and locations
A team player with fantastic interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills
Self-reliant, resilient and proactive with a high motivation to make things happen, deliver effectively and efficiently.
Benefits
TruRewards
We offer our TruFamily members many benefits including 25 days holiday, a fun and creative working environment, supportive and high-quality colleagues, a fully stocked kitchen of treats and drinks, plus our fun summer and winter days out. We also provide a yearly allowance towards any personal health insurance policies that team members might hold which we pay monthly on top of annual salary.
Job Type: Contract"
22,"About us
The NSW Institute of Sport (NSWIS) is a high-performance sporting organisation that supports Australian athletes to become world’s best. We reach all regions of NSW with an Olympic and Paralympic training facility based at Sydney Olympic Park and high-performance hubs across NSW that provide world class daily training environments for our athletes and coaches. Our experts work in collaboration with partners within the national sporting system to create and deliver high performance support services and environments to prepare athletes and coaches for international competition.
About the role
NSWIS aspires to be a leader in sport intelligence and technology and is offering an exciting opportunity to fill a Section Lead, Senior Data Analyst role until 31 December 2024.
This role will play a significant part in the ongoing execution of an organisation-wide road map and best practice approach to data analytics ensuring NSWIS develops an international reputation as a progressive leader and provides our athletes with access to world class performance environments and services. This will include identifying ways of commercialising our sport intelligence capabilities via product development and industry partnerships.
Working closely with counterparts from the AIS and broader national high performance system to ensure NSWIS is aligned and integrated with the system, able to leverage its capability and resources, and develop a sustainable operating model.
This is a full-time position with an immediate start, offering a salary range $126,511 – $138,371, plus superannuation, which will be negotiable based on the successful candidates.
This is an identified position requiring a Working with Children and Police Check.
For further information about the role and the key accountabilities please see the .


About you
You will have:
You are a dynamic leader who has turned a passion for data and technology innovation into a career that has given you:
Demonstrated experience leading a team of data science/analytics experts where you have developed the capability of the team and driven the development and implementation of strategies and projects.
Led the development of systems to gather, manage and review information from a variety of sources, applied exploratory data analytics to detect trends, and built statistical models to make predictions and distil meaningful insights.
Deep understanding of high performance sport (Olympic & Paralympic sport is desirable).
Ability to frame business/organisational problems into mathematical models, develop analytics-based solutions, and present actionable recommendations to key stakeholders.
Possess a balance of analytical problem solving, and strong interpersonal, and relationship development skills.
Remain curious of and acquire new knowledge and skills (coaching the team to promote capability development).
Essential requirements
University-level qualifications in one of the following areas: Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or similar.
Fluent programming skills in: R and SQL (Python is a plus).
5-10 years experience working in a high performing inter-disciplinary environment in data analytics or sport intelligence.
Technical knowledge and understanding of how technology can enhance athlete and organisational performance.
Experience in project management and strategy development in a similar-sized organisation
Exposure to embedded systems and machine learning.
Experience in leading the technical capability development of a team.
Microsoft SQL Database experience including SQL scripting.
Level 1 & 2 Sport Integrity Australia (Anti-Doping Certificate)
Sport Integrity Australia – Anti-Doping Fundamentals and annual update 2022.
Sport Integrity Australia – PBTR – Child Protection and Safeguarding
Current driver’s license
Applying for the role
To apply for this role please submit:
A cover letter outlining how you meet the requirements and focus capabilities in the for the role (maximum 1 page)
An up-to-date CV outlining experience, qualifications and achievements (please include at least two referees)
A response to the pre-screening questions
In no more than two pages please answer the below questions:
Provide a recent example of where you have utilised data science techniques to successfully inform organisational decision making. Please describe the problem, your data sources, and your approach. (You can provide code snippets to supplement your answer).
Describe a recent example where you worked in a R environment. Specify techniques and libraries utilised, why you used them, how you enabled collaboration in the project and how environment replication was conducted.
If you would like to enquire about the role please contact Kirsten Thomson, Director Corporate & Communications via 02 9763 0222.
To apply complete your application via the iworkforNSW by midnight Sunday 22 May 2022. Only those applications that address the selection criteria and focus capabilities will be considered by the Selection Panel.


This recruitment may be used to create a Talent Pool for similar future roles that may arise over the next 18 months.
For more information about the NSW Institute of Sport please visit www.nswis.com.au.
The NSW Institute of Sport encourages all applicants who can be safely vaccinated for COVID 19, to be so. Candidates unable to receive the COVID-19 vaccination due to a medical condition may be requested to provide an NSW Health COVID-19 Vaccine Medical Contraindication form completed by a medical practitioner.

Commitment to Diversity
The NSW Institute of Sport is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce which reflects our community, sport partners and athletes. We encourage applications from suitable candidates including; of all ages, genders, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, culturally and linguistically diverse groups, veterans, refugees, LGBTIQ+ community and people with disability."
23,"· Bachelor’s Degree · 2+ years of relevant professional experience · Excel skills (Pivot Tables, VLookups) · Experience working a queue of requests and meeting SLAs
Job summary Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 100 fully featured services to millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure. Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust. The AWS RI Team is in need of a driven, analytical, and process-oriented individual to own the creation and processing of EC2 Reserved Instance transaction requests. We're looking for a motivated self-starter who is excited to escalate systemic issues, identify opportunities for improvement, has experience meeting strict SLAs, is comfortable working from a ticket queue, and has a passion for accuracy. Candidate must have English and Korean language skills (oral and written). Key Responsibilities · Process Reserved Instance purchases and modifications · Occasionally act as escalation point for Reserved Instance requests and issues · Quickly establish root causes and communicate appropriately to internal stakeholders · Vocally self-critical to allow for self-correction of errors · Communicate effectively across all related channels to ensure transparency of process · Occasionally retrieve and evaluate data using Excel and other data management/BI systems Mandatory Requirement: • Strong verbal and written communication skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. • Strong data presentation skills, including ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams in both English and Korean language. This job is not eligible for immigration sponsorship.

Functional experience with quantitative, analytical and organizational skills


Attention to detail and excellent problem solving skills


Existing knowledge of AWS Reserved Instances and tooling


Effective verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams


Track record for being detail-oriented with a demonstrated ability to self-motivate and follow-through on projects


Highly organized, excellent multi-tasking skills, and efficient in ambiguous situations


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role


Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."
24,"Are you a data entry professional and up for a new challenge? Are you a motivated and enthusiastic individual who is ready to grow their skills? If you said yes to both, you should consider joining us at Canstar!

A rare opportunity has opened up with the Canstar Product Data team and we are looking for a Data Analyst to join us! As a Data Analyst, you are tasked with maintaining, updating and quality controlling the Canstar database which is used by the majority of Australia’s major financial institutions in both the banking, wealth, insurance, telco and energy sectors.

Who is Canstar

Canstar is a leading research agency and Australia’s biggest financial comparison site, comparing more brands than any other. Our purpose is to simplify the world of finance and help consumers confidently find the right product for them. We’ve been working hard on this for some time. In fact, we were one of the original comparison services in Australia having started up in 1992 as a privately-owned financial research agency. Today, we are one of Australia’s fastest growing digital businesses, with 1 in 6 Australians visiting our site each year, and 2 in 3 people recognising the Canstar logo.

We employ more than 150 staff with a diverse range of educational and professional backgrounds. We take pride in the cultural and gender diversity of our staff and our ability to offer our people the opportunity to grow and develop their skills as the company grows too.

What Canstar offers

Supportive and flexible working environment
Birthday leave
Free breakfast and fresh fruit
Employee Assistance Program
Health & wellbeing program of benefits
Fun social club and company culture
Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you
What you will be doing

Maintaining and updating the Canstar database in accordance with assigned product areas within Wealth
Evaluating procedures and policies in regards to the CANSTAR database, with responsibility for maintaining product sectors
Assisting Research Analysts with ensuring databases sufficiently capture market changes and suggest improvements
Contributing actively in all Star Ratings meetings and actions, including instigating and chasing Star Ratings audits to meet deadlines
What you need to bring to the role

Experience within a data entry role
Exceptional attention to detail and a common-sense approach
Solid experience using Microsoft Excel
Experience utilising G Suite/Google Workspace
Ability to work both closely with others and independently as required
Strong interpersonal skills to build both internal and external relationships
What will give you the extra edge

Sound knowledge of Banking, General Insurance, Energy and/or Telco products
Basic SQL knowledge
Ability to adapt to a constantly changing market
How Can You Join The Team

If this sounds like you, and you are up for a fresh challenge with a great company, apply now!

Recruitment Agencies: We politely ask that you refrain from contacting our People & Culture team or hiring managers directly. Canstar does not accept any unsolicited referrals from recruitment or job placement agencies.Supportive and flexible working environment, Health & wellbeing program of benefits, Training and development opportunities in areas that matter to you"
25,"Do you enjoy complex problem solving and have an interest in understanding how a global financial services group operates? Are you curious and like to be challenged whilst learning new skills?
Join a high-calibre, collaborative workplace within Liquidity Risk in Macquarie’s Group Treasury division. This is a unique opportunity which will necessitate you to think broadly, be forward-thinking and proactive, and consider how domestic and international regulatory changes and other internal and external factors will shape Macquarie's business activities.
We are looking for an Executive level to join Liquidity Risk. The team is responsible for developing internal liquidity frameworks, interpreting regulatory liquidity requirements, and monitoring compliance. Within this role, you will be involved in, but not limited to:
Developing the internal liquidity policy and framework across the Macquarie Group, including regional liquidity management and monitoring
Interpreting and updating liquidity assumptions and treatments
Regulatory interpretation – APS210 and Basel framework in particular
Advising senior management and business units on implications of internal and regulatory liquidity frameworks
Liquidity scenarios and stress testing
Stakeholder management and senior management reporting
Your technical skills and qualifications will include:
Outstanding academic background in a financial or quantitative degree, e.g. actuarial, accounting, economics, engineering, mathematics
Strong numerical and analytical skills, coupled with an ability to understand and succinctly explain complex data sets and concepts
Clear and concise written and verbal communication skills
You will be confident in interacting with stakeholders and resolving competing priorities
A high level of attention to detail and commercial acumen
The following experience will be viewed favourably:
Previous experience within a Treasury function with exposure to liquidity risk or similar
Knowledge of the banking sector and regulatory environment
Understanding of accounting concepts and principles including profit and loss and balance sheet analysis
This role will give you exposure to senior stakeholders and the broader Group Treasury team, including the Liquidity / Markets team responsible for managing short-term liquidity and Funding team who manage and execute long-term debt issuance, banking relationships and funds transfer pricing.
About the Financial Management Group
The Financial Management Group provides financial, tax and treasury services to all areas of Macquarie. The group is focused on providing strategic analysis and advice to Macquarie's businesses and senior management, managing Macquarie's funding, liquidity and capital position, ensuring Macquarie continues to meet regulatory and compliance obligations and managing Macquarie's corporate affairs.
Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
The diversity of our people is one of our greatest strengths, and in combination with our inclusive environment, it enables us to deliver innovative and sustainable outcomes for our people, clients, shareholders and communities. From day one, you'll be encouraged to be yourself and supported to perform at your best. If our purpose of ‘empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future’ is as inspiring to you as it is to us, please apply. With the right technology, support and resources, our people can work in a range of flexible ways.
We are committed to providing a working environment that embraces and values diversity and inclusion. We encourage candidates to speak with a member of our recruitment team if you require adjustments to our recruitment process to support you, and the type of working arrangements that would help you thrive.


About Macquarie
A career at Macquarie means you’ll have the opportunity to develop and utilise new skills, explore interesting fields and do challenging work that will impact the lives of people around the world—whether it’s accelerating the green energy transition, helping sustain global food supplies, financing social housing projects or investing in essential infrastructure. At Macquarie, we’re empowering people to innovate and invest for a better future.
Our size and international presence means your work can take you anywhere—across business groups, disciplines, sectors and borders. With 17,000+ employees and offices in 33 markets around the world, we’re a truly global organisation.
You’ll be supported by a diverse team where the unique perspectives, ideas and experiences that all of our people bring are valued. You’ll be empowered to address unmet needs in our communities whilst advising and investing alongside our clients and partners. Working with us, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference.
Macquarie is a global financial group providing clients with asset management, retail and business banking, wealth management, leasing and asset financing, market access, commodity trading, renewables development, specialist advisory, capital raising and principal investment.


Job no: FMG-960097
Work type: Permanent - Full time
Location: Sydney
Category: Accounting & Finance
Group: Financial Management Group
Recruiter: Fred Howe
Opening Date: 21/2/2022"
26,"At WesTrac, we’re made for more of what matters most. More family time, with paid parental leave, flexible working arrangements and purchased leave programs to give you the work life balance you’ve always wanted. More development opportunities, with in house RTO’s, access to your own guided learning platform and a range of pathways to help you steer your career in the direction of your dreams. More diversity, with over 4,000 team members with a tonne of differences, united by our passion for building a better tomorrow. As an industry leader and employer of choice, we’re Made for More.


About the role
Do you love a challenge? Our Inventory crew are currently seeking an Inventory Analyst to join our team at Tomago. With strong analytical skills, this position will see you responsible for working collaboratively amongst several internal departments to identify key areas of improvement based on inventory data. Our ideal candidate will be able to multitask as they review recommendations, parts consumption, plan and place coverage orders, manage and approve internal inventory requests and support inventory health overall.
Key Responsibilities
Planning Inventory to support business requirements and overall business health
Working with available data sources CAT (CCPA), DBS, PIC and Parts viz ensuring that customers are supported and business requirements are met.
Supporting the arrival schedule and logistics involved to deliver equipment across the branch network
Work with CAT systems to allow for inventory arrival to planned events.
Ad-hoc reporting.
Complying with WesTrac's safety policies and procedures
Skills & Experience
Proven experience in inventory management and inventory analytical skills
Excellent organisation, planning and time management skills
Ability to use Microsoft Office programs, with advanced Excel skills
Sound written and verbal communication Skills
Self-motivated with ability to take the initiative
Caterpillar experience will be highly regarded
Understanding and experience in PowerBi would be beneficial
What's on offer?
Monday to Friday roster
Flexible work agreements
Fitness Passport for the whole family
Purchased leave program
Income protection covering you 24 hours a day
Free onsite parking
Salary packaging available
Opportunities for training and continued development
Discounts through our corporate partners


Apply Now
If you believe you have the skills and experience to succeed in this role, please submit your cover letter and resume for consideration via the link.
For further information regarding this role, please contact our Recruitment team on 1300 797 028 and reference job number 882682.
Successful applicants will be required to complete a satisfactory National Criminal History Check as part of the recruitment process.
At WesTrac, our primary focus is our people. As we look to the future, we’re focused on harnessing the best talent and providing them with the support they need to achieve success. WesTrac is a member of the Diversity Council of Australia and recognise the value of and strongly support the principles of equal employment opportunities in the workplace and are committed to continue to build our workplace culture."
27,"About the role
We have an exciting opportunity for a high performing Business Analyst who will play an important role in our business by ensuring that our team has access to insights including how we can become more efficient and effective in delivering our products and services and making an impact for the community.
This role sits within the Business Services Team and will work closely with the Salesforce and Digital Leads and the Research team who will structure the evaluation for our impact.
The role is responsible for ensuring data is used to provide quality reporting internally to identify business improvements and delivery of internal KPIs. It will also undertake external reporting focusing on the impact that we have for the community.
The role is full time 1.0 FTE.


About you
Our ideal candidate has 3+ years experience in extracting, analysing, interpreting and presenting customer data from Websites, CRM and other Digital Marketing Channels.
You are an experienced Business analyst with a mature outlook, strong analytical skills and problem solving ability. You have a natural curiosity and a flair for developing reports and preparing information from both internal and external data sources to support business decisions.
What you need:
(Please review full position description before applying)
A deep understanding of process and performance optimisation
Strong analytical skills, natural curiosity and problem solving ability
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with diverse groups
Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Willingness and enthusiasm to know and understand our business
Location
Melbourne (Box Hill)
How to apply
Please upload your cover letter and CV followed by answering the key selection criteria questions
To view the full Position Description click here.
We will be shortlisting immediately so please do not hesitate to apply ASAP if you think you may be a suitable applicant for this role.



People living with disability are encouraged to apply. Lived Experience is valued by our organisation and looked upon favourably.
Summer Foundation is an equal opportunity employer, we know that strength comes with diversity and encourage applicants from a diverse range of backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability."
28,"About us:
We’re known for being the country’s most popular rewards program, making the everyday worth more for millions of Aussies.
All the things that make working at Flybuys different as usual – these aren't just values we talk about. They’re built into everything we do, every day.
Be part of a company that's always questioned the norm. A business that's well-established, but still expanding. With one eye on the horizon.
And together we can make every day* different as usual.*
The opportunity:
We've already built a pretty amazing team, but we're not looking for more of the same. Our day-to-day is made stronger when we surround ourselves with people who are different, like you.
We work really hard to build teams that support each other. It’s the kind of environment you’ll miss while you’re on holidays.
What you'll be doing:
Capability Development:
Develop key customer insights and recommendations to drive member engagement with Flybuys rewards investment analytics strategy and marketing investment.
Build out bespoke dashboards to provide analysis on the reward store performance.
Work with multiple large data sets, to conduct analysis for our internal teams and partners.
Promote the use of analytics by translating complex mathematical techniques into useful and commercial concepts, with a focus on promoting the value of the flybuys program.
Analytics Strategy and Planning:
Participate in the development of the vision for rewards & redemption data / analytics architecture.
Proactively investigate opportunities in order to create measurable change and deliver measurable value in the rewards space .
Responsible for implementing commercial partner analytical strategy .
Understand market context, competitor capability and customer trends to support CRM / analytics strategies .
Apply analytics best practices and/or standards.
Thought Leadership & Innovation
Socialise analytics trends and best practices .
Source, develop and apply new and existing analytical methods and techniques.
Use of a variety of sources to keep abreast of industry practices.
Ensure key stakeholders are updated, ensuring the commercial impact has been explored / communicated.
Mentor and develop other members of the team to further their understanding and use of analytical techniques.
Stakeholder Management
Cultivate relationships across internal teams and with the partners, at all levels as required.
Clearly articulate the customer opportunity, commercial benefit, analytical findings.
Explain complex analysis to non-technical audience .
Tell and sell the story to stakeholders, visualise and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that provides insights.
To be successful you will have:
Tertiary Qualified in Business, Mathematics or Science discipline.
Analytics professional with a proven track record.
Amazing storytelling skills and the ability to influence and navigate internal and external organisations to build and leverage relationships.
A background in retail would be advantageous.
Experience in clearly articulating commercial benefits of analytics.
Naturally collaborative with a strong emphasis on building and leveraging relationships both internally and externally.
Experience of large, complex data sets
Naturally curious, able to positively challenge existing practices.
Commercially savvy.
Experience of analytical tools – data extraction, data exploration and analysis, data visualisation.
Experience of working within large, complex, cross functional projects
Technical skills including SQL and Power BI/Tableau experience
Experience with Snowflake, Python or R would be advantageous.
We value ways of working that work for everyone, and use our different strengths to make us stronger. We work hard to make sure everyone’s voice is heard and respected equally, regardless of identity, background, position, ability or lifestyle.
So whether you’re an earlybird list maker, a night owl coder, a brainstorm chaser or a PowerPoint proof-reader, we want you to Be You, With Us.
To ensure the safety and wellbeing of our employees and the community in which we operate, Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) has introduced a Vaccination Policy which requires all persons entering a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) workplace, attending a Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) work-related event, or entering other premises to undertake work on Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific)’s behalf to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or to hold a valid exemption (and to provide evidence of the same).
It is also a condition of employment that successful applicants provide evidence of compliance with Flybuys (Loyalty Pacific) Vaccination Policy and to undergo a National Police Check.
Video
Job Type: Full-time"
29,"Role:
The purpose of this position is to ensure that the Company follows the government regulations and company policies applicable to the financial services that the company provides in Australia and the APAC region. The person will keep the company abreast of new and upcoming regulatory developments; to produce reports required by law and regulation; to conduct the activities required in compliance with the regulatory requirements of the relevant jurisdictions within the APAC region; and identify corrective/preventive actions to mitigate potential or actual non-compliance risks, ensuring a world-class operational/customer focused capabilities and regulatory compliance. Update compliance programs, develop and implement policies and procedures necessary to ensure dissemination of knowledge of current and upcoming regulations concerning the Company’s present business offerings and services as well as upcoming products and services. Manage daily AML tasks of sanctions screening, ongoing customer due diligence, new account onboarding, investigations and other adhoc tasks. Take a portfolio view of CORPAY customer base and ensure that CORPAY complies with regulatory requirements associated with various legislation in particularly anti-money laundering legislation. Participate in projects as directed by the APAC Compliance Manager and APAC Compliance Director and collaborate with global and other regional stakeholders within the CORPAY group.

Responsibility: General:

Execute directives from the APAC Compliance Manager / Director.
Maintain current knowledge of relevant global, regional and local government regulatory and corporate governance standards.
Primary:

Manage cases related to transaction monitoring, internal investigations, ongoing customer due diligence and New client accounts.
Working with other team members to ensure that products, policies and practice are compliant with law and regulation throughout region.
Assist in maintaining a robust compliance framework to track, monitor and report compliance related KPIs
Conduct compliance monitoring activities across all regulatory obligations relevant to Corpay.
Renew and maintain all relevant regulatory licenses across the region.
Assess the requirements associated with licensing obligations in existing and new markets within Asia Pacific.
Assess the requirements associated with licensing obligations in existing and new markets within Asia Pacific.
Draft, develop and implement policies and procedures for department and roll out the required changes to the affected functional areas.
Provide compliance expertise and advice.
Conduct due diligence and compliance assessment of integrated partnership / API clients.
Participate in projects and attend project meetings.
Conduct monitoring of sales practices to ensure they are compliant with pertinent regulations and ensure that the regulatory risks are mitigated.
Improve the compliance awareness and culture. Other duties as assigned
Support:

Implement, maintain and perform testing on company Key Performance and Risk Indicators and update as necessary
Compile results of compliance testing and monitoring activities for reporting, insight and intelligence.
Analyze data and information and provide insight to APAC Compliance Manager and APAC Compliance Director.
Assess the impact of legislative changes to the business and ensure the relevant business units are fully informed.
Training:

Provide training of all staff of internal compliance policies and processes.
Track and direct internal training programs, to ensure the regulatory requirements are met.
Authority:

Authority to prepare and report on behalf of CORPAY regulatory reports including AML reports.
Accountability:

Reports to regional APAC Regional Compliance Director and is part of the Compliance department within the Asia Pacific region.
Experience/ Requirements:

Driven, proactive and take the initiative to fulfil the work duties and responsibilities.
Ability to assess business and compliance outcomes to support the delivery of an effective compliance monitoring program and review current compliance controls in place.
AML and regulatory compliance experiences within the financial services industry.
3-5+ years’ experience in a compliance role and adept at liaising with senior managers and stakeholders within the business.
Highly adaptable and responsive in a highly dynamic and fast paced environment.
Excellent time management, organizational, written and communication skills.
Attention to detail, persistence and original thought.
An excellent team player and work with the regional and global teams to contribute to the betterment of CORPAY and the Compliance organization.
Exposure to Asia Pacific regulators is a must.
Legal qualification is highly regarded but not essential.
Work Health & Safety

Maintain the safe and healthy conduct of anyone under your care (including visitors and contractors)
Set an example to other employees by actively demonstrating and promoting safe work methods
Ensure that the working conditions under your control are safe and that potential safety concerns/issues are promptly acted upon
Advise your manager if you believe you are unable to meet your obligations for WHS due to time or resources restrictions
Support your Manager and your staff to meet their obligations under the Work Health Safety Policy
#LI-VU1
#INDINT

About the Company:
FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. (“FLEETCOR”) is a leading global provider of business payment solutions. We help companies of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. We serve businesses, partners, merchants, consumers and payment networks in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.

$2.4B Annual Revenue
600,000 Directly Served Business Clients
2.6B+ Transactions per Year
8,400+ Employees
(as of December 31, 2020)

Our payment solutions provide our customers with a payment method designed to be superior to and more robust and effective than what they use currently, whether they use a competitor’s product or another alternative method such as cash or check. We group our payment solutions into five primary categories: Fuel, Lodging, Tolls, Corporate Payments and Gift. Each category is unique in its focus, customer base and target markets, but they also share a number of characteristics: customers are primarily businesses, have recurring revenue models, have specialized networks which create barriers to entry, have high margins, and have similar selling systems.

FLEETCOR enjoys global recognition including:

Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and Statista
Forbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row!
Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, ranking #872
S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value)
Our Vision

Despite many advances in our industry, the majority of business payments are still made with outdated and inferior payment methods, such as checks and cash. We envision a business world where every purchase is controlled, every payment is digital, and every payment-related decision is well-informed. In this future paperless state, payments will require little to no time to manage, leaving companies with more time for what matters most: activities that grow their businesses.

Our Mission

FLEETCOR’s mission is to provide businesses with a better way to pay, by replacing outdated payment methods such as checks and cash, and displacing the incumbent providers of those methods. Through the digitalization of payments, we create and support robust ecosystems which benefit all participating constituents: payment-making customers, payment-accepting merchants, tax-collecting governments, and FLEETCOR.

Our Strategy

FLEETCOR is a growth company, and we employ a simple three-prong strategy for growing our business:

More Customers. We invest more than $200 million per year in sales and marketing, predominately focused on new customer acquisition. We continue to scale existing sales channels and headcount, enable our sales people with demand generation and other tools, and launch new distribution channels both internally and through partners such as ERP software providers, telematics companies, and banks. We will also grow our customer base inorganically through acquisitions.
More Spend. We seek to leverage our existing customer relationships and capture greater share of their business payment expenditures. As such, we have developed various “beyond” initiatives, where we extend the utility of an existing payment product without degrading the core value proposition of the original product. As such, a customer can “buy more stuff” without sacrificing the controls and reporting which attracted the customer to our product to begin with. For example:
Our Fuel card customers can enable their cards to allow non-fuel purchases relevant to their business, like allowing a painting crew to buy supplies at a home improvement store, so they can finish the paint job.
Our Toll tag customers can use their in-vehicle RFID tags to make other “on the go” purchases like parking, fuel and fast-food.
For our customers, these product extensions reduce payment friction, saving them time and operational headaches. For FLEETCOR, these product extensions can increase our share of wallet with existing customers and can increase our products’ appeal and applicability to previously-unserved customer segments (e.g., non-toll urban dwellers). We also create new product offerings, developed internally or in conjunction with partners, to cross-sell to our existing customer base.

More Geographies. We continue to seek attractive entry opportunities in major international markets, which we intend to pursue through acquisitions and partnerships.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equality, Inclusion, Belonging

Together we can foster true belonging. We know different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds lead to better innovation and results. We are therefore committed to building and nurturing a culture of diversity, inclusion, and belonging by:

Welcoming people of different backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations;
Empowering our people to share their experiences and ideas through open forums and individual conversations; and
Valuing each person’s unique perspectives and individual contributions.
Embracing diversity enables our people to “make the difference” at FLEETCOR.

Our Values

FLEETCOR’s culture reflects our history of fast growth and our continued drive for results. Our entrepreneurial spirit remains strong across our global workforce, and we reinforce these principles in our five core values:

Innovation: Figure out a better way
Execution: Get it done quickly
Integrity: Do the right thing
People: We make the difference
Collaboration: Accomplish more together
These values guide all of our employees and are infused in all aspects of our Company. We are, as a team, united through these shared values and our mission to provide “a better way to pay.”

Our values foster an inclusive culture through the expectation that all employees will treat each other with respect and appreciate the diversity of identities, thoughts, backgrounds and styles. Our commitment to fostering an inclusive culture has never been more essential than in this moment of national reflection. We must always celebrate the diversity of our company and our communities.

We strongly believe that the quality and diversity of our workforce provide FLEETCOR with a competitive advantage, and that our problem-solving and solution-building efforts are greatly enhanced when we harness the collective thinking of a diverse group of people with unique experiences and perspectives.

FLEETCOR’s COVID-19 Hiring Guidelines:
Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are temporarily working from home. In addition, FLEETCOR implemented a virtual interviewing and hiring process, engaging with talent by phone or video and onboarding new employees remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer:
FLEETCOR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. FLEETCOR provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, gender (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, language, ancestry, genetic information, veteran and/or military status or any other group status protected by federal or local law. If you require reasonable accommodation for the application and/or interview process, please notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.

For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay Transparency."
30,"Company Description

Openmarkets Group (OMG) is accelerating access to wealth creation. We’re a trading and wealth management fintech, providing a full suite of technologies and infrastructure to industry professionals, and connecting consumers with investment and advice.
We’re a company forged in mergers and united by a desire to create a wealthier Australia. If you, too, love cutting through red tape, empowering others and pushing boundaries to accelerate access to wealth creation, this exciting opportunity to join OMG might be the one for you.
We are:
Radical - we open markets
Uplifting - we empower others
Bold - we push boundaries
As a tech company, we're fortunate to be able to adapt to the rapidly changing conditions in the world around us, and this role is key to support an ongoing period of sustained growth.


Job Description

This role supports the management and monitoring of the Group's enterprise risks and compliance program, with specific tactical risk management responsibilities as well as setting the risk framework for the business lines to operate to and manage risk. This role will support a strong risk and compliance culture that embodies the Groups' ethics and integrity, balancing commercial and customer needs against the broader risk appetite of the Group.
Key accountabilities:
Operational / Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management
Work as part of the Group's first line risk team to ensure that the Group's business operations and compliance practices align to the frameworks, policies, strategy, regulatory obligations and appetite of the Group.
Support the Head of Compliance to deliver the annual Risk Management Program of Work and related risk framework development activities and help promote the Group's overall risk management maturity capabilities and competencies.
Actively support the business lines to help identify, monitor, measure and manage its operational risks and key compliance controls.
Support the business to drive a strong risk and compliance culture and awareness in day-to-day business decisions and business strategic initiatives.
Support the compliance program with compliance projects, Initiatives and Committee reporting as needed.
Assist business in directly managing tier 1 risk matters including capital and liquidity monitoring.
Internal Controls / Risk Identification & Assessment / Reporting
Help design and deliver across the business a consistent approach to documenting key controls, as well as providing guidance on the regular assessment of design / operating effectiveness.
Support the identification and assessment of key enterprise risks, including new and emerging risks, on a regular basis.
Support the development and production of comprehensive enterprise risk management reports for management and Board / Board Sub Committee review.
Incident Root Cause Assessment / Response / Rectification
Help incident owners to determine root-cause factors as well as monitoring responding actions and rectification steps to completion.
Key Stakeholder Partnerships
This role will have key interactions within the Group on a regular basis. This includes:
Head of Compliance, Compliance & Risk Analysts and Trade Surveillance Analysts
Heads of Business (including Operations, Trading, Technology)
Group Financial Controller and CFO
Operational Risk & Compliance (ORC) Committee members
Audit, Risk & Compliance (ARC) Committee members
as well as external stakeholders including regulators and other business partners as required.
Attributes / Competencies
Ideally candidates will need to possess core capabilities and competencies to help them succeed in this role, such as:
Relationship building and teamwork oriented.
Proactive, organised and outcomes focused.
Logical, methodical, but able to think laterally.
Data-oriented, with strong analytical skills
Ability to achieve objectives in a changing environment.
Refined Influencing and Negotiating skills.
Strong attention to detail, quality assurance focussed.
Refined communication skills (written, verbal).


Qualifications

Strong preference will be given to candidates that can demonstrate working experience in aligned roles, along with relevant qualifications including:
Risk Management and/or Compliance Experience.
Financial markets, equities or stockbroking experience.
Relevant industry qualifications ideal (risk, compliance or business-related).
Experience in planning, coordination, and reporting activities.
Comfortable with senior management / executive management engagement and communication.
If you’re a self-starting team player who thrives in a fast-moving environment and you’re willing to take responsibility and challenge convention, then OMG it’s time we met.
In return, we’ll provide autonomy with support, and the opportunity to make an impact from day one.

Additional Information

What do we offer?
Work flex: We offer the flexibility required to achieve balance and do great work, and focus on outputs over hours
Generous leave: Competitive parental leave policy, vaccination leave, birthday and volunteering leave and more…
Wellbeing support: Ongoing wellness initiatives, meeting free time, EAP support
Regular and varied socials: We take the time to connect and celebrate
Learning & development: We invest in your learning and development - your growth matters to us
Competitive remuneration: Market leading salary, bonus structure and equity incentive plan
Thriving culture: We live and breathe our values in a transparent, fast paced, and supportive environment. But don't take our word for it; ask us more!
OMG is committed to a diverse and representative team and supports an inclusive work environment. We're interested in your skills, experience and who you are as a human. We're open about the work we do and the projects we're working on and can't wait to learn more about you!"
31,"About the job
Jumbo Interactive is seeking a proactive, self-driven Senior BI Analyst / Data Analyst with recent experience of having worked in an Ecommerce / B2C environment.
As Senior BI / Data Analyst you will:
Analyse large volumes of complex data to produce insights that can improve business performance
Help identify stakeholder requirements and develop insightful dashboards and reports to support business decisions and provide customer insights
Identify and adopt best practices and work with local teams to solve complex problems in a data- driven manner
Use your strong analytical skills and business acumen in order to support leadership in influencing critical business decisions
Put customer experience at the forefront of your thinking
The scope of your role will be diverse, from ad-hoc pieces of analysis, to ensuring timely regular reporting, enhancing existing reporting pipelines, and working on long-term strategic projects to enhance the BI & Analytics capability in Jumbo.
About You
5+ years of relevant in Business Intelligence / Analytics, in a ecommerce/B2C environment
Advanced SQL and Excel skills, and familiarity with data visualisation tools (eg. Looker)
Be able to analyse Big Data and build data pipelines and solve complex deep dive questions
Be commercially savvy and able to tie data / insights back to business and customer context
Have the ability to monitor and analyse metrics and provide recommendations and guidelines
High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously
Support cross-functional teams on day-to-day execution and support ad-hoc requests
Be motivated to learn Jumbo processes and work with customer data
Be able to perform in-depth analysis to identify root case
Be comfortable working on data modeling/aggregation
About Us
Jumbo Interactive (ASX: JIN) is a leading digital retailer of official government and charitable lotteries. We utilise the latest technology to craft an engaging and entertaining purchase experience for our customers across a range of digital platforms."
32,"An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Power BI Developer to join our commercial property team in Sydney.
The successful candidate will be responsible for driving the strategy, delivery and management of core enterprise systems, enabling scalability to support business growth and enhance decision making.


The Role


Lead the design, develop and delivery of customer and business intelligence applications, enhancements and new functionality as part of the Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) framework
Conduct testing and quality assurance
Develop and implement automation test cases
Validation of user requirements and technical designs to ensure alignment with the organisation’s architectural strategies.
Deliver Level 3 support or other technical support issues as required
Ensure all documentation (e.g. requirements, design, testing, operations, interface, user guide, etc.) is developed & maintained
Ad-hoc analysis of data where required
Work alongside Data analysts, Primary Research consultants and asset management to deliver solutions that cross multiple disciplines


About You
Computer Science Degree (or similar) or Commerce Degree (or similar)
Development and delivery roles with data and analytics related technologies
Proven track record in delivery with diverse stakeholders and datasets
Exposure to aspects of Agile ways of working (Kanban, sprints, user stories, etc.)
Ability to design engaging and focused data visualisations in data visualisation platform
Experience with Power BI, DAX and Power Query is strongly preferred
Understanding business requirements and develop dashboards and reports in data visualisation platform
Delivery of requirements and dashboards to deadline and within budget
Good understanding of SQL (PosgreSQL preferred), multi-dimensional modelling and data warehouses
Exposure to cloud platforms like Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform
Bachelor and/or Post Graduate qualifications in a related field


The Stockland Proposition


At Stockland we are a community delivering outcomes that benefit the community at large. We work collaboratively and inclusively, building strong working relationships. Our portfolio is diverse and so are the opportunities for professional and career development. We are committed to providing our people with broad experiences to build a successful career.
We recognise the importance of flexibility and work life-quality and over 80% of our employees have informal or formal flexible work arrangements. Additionally, Stockland has a strong commitment to achieving the best outcomes through an inclusive and collaborative culture. Our customers come from diverse backgrounds and we want our teams to reflect this.
We offer competitive remuneration and benefits. Benefits include free to access or subsidised lifestyle, health, well-being and financial services products.


Apply today – Stockland – it's your place.


Agencies should note that unsolicited resumes will not be accepted for this position and Stockland will not pay any fees related to resumes that are submitted directly to hiring managers and not through our approved process. Where appropriate, the Careers @ Stockland Team will work with our preferred panel of agencies to source candidates for roles. Please submit any queries relating to the approved process of submitting candidate resumes or Stockland’s preferred agency panel to careers@stockland.com.au"
33,"Date: 13-May-2022

Location:
Sydney, NSW, AU

Department: Internal Client Services

Description:
Job Requisition ID: 18815


Work in a highly innovative and transformative business
Work/life balance with access to flexible work arrangements
Salary packaging – to suit your personal and financial circumstances
What will your typical day look like?

The Business Analyst (BA) is responsible for undertaking the business analysis activities within a stream of work, across programs/projects within the Project Management Office (PMO), for Deloitte’s Information Technology Services (ITS). As a BA you will work to ensure completion of project deliverables to agreed schedule and quality, including:

Requirements elicitation and documentation activities to ensure requirements are articulated at required level of detail for project implementation (functional specifications, requirements traceability matrix, use cases)

Current & future state process analysis and mapping (ideally utilising BPMN standards)

Working to a business analysis work plan for relevant components of work, in alignment with our internal Business Analysis Centre of Excellence (BA CoE) and project scope

Preparation and pro-active facilitation of business analysis workshops to meet workshop objectives

Preparation and facilitation of user acceptance testing (UAT) to ensure an effective delivery to our end users

Working both independently and with the support of other Business Analysts, you will consistently be ensuring necessary deliverables meet stakeholders’ expectations, and be an active member of a cross-functional environment. You will be exposed to areas concerning conflict resolution, gap analysis and prioritisation while also helping drive decisions and manage ambiguity.
Over time you will develop effective working relationships with project team members & senior stakeholders in ITS, other business units and external parties (such as vendors) where required. You will be working to manage stakeholder expectations relating to business requirements and help assist in influencing project outcomes. The role will see you leverage both waterfall and agile project delivery methodologies as required by the project in-hand.

You will demonstrate the ability to work autonomously while helping to foster a team culture that is adaptable to changing needs and supports all our team members.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.

You have proven experience working on enterprise level projects to provide business analysis services (minimum 2 years as a Business Analyst). You also have proven ability to manage competing priorities within tight timeframes and operate in a rapidly changing environment. You will also display a demonstrated flexibility in approach and attitude. You’ll also have the following:

Proven experience analysing processes and process mapping complex business processes to industry best practices

Strong understanding of technology and business systems at a strategic and operational level including data flow models and system integrations (on-prem or cloud)

Ability to absorb large amounts of new information and quickly understand concepts for the purpose of capturing requirements and project objectives

A critical mindset with a questioning attitude that will allow you to think beyond the initial information you are provided with and leave no stone unturned.

Desired:
IIBA CCBA certification

Experience in a Professional Services firm and an understanding, or willingness to learn, about Professional Services Firm

Demonstrated experience working end-to-end throughout the project lifecycle in a BA capacity

Why Deloitte?

At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. ]"
34,"Who is Equifax?


Equifax is a leading global data, analytic and technology company, supporting customers across 24 countries. We have been serving the Australian and New Zealand markets for over 60 years. Through continuously adapting to our environment, not only have we remained a market leader, we drive and challenge ourselves to do better to help our customers live their financial best.
Our people are what makes us great at what we do - we see every member of our team as an integral piece of a jigsaw. We celebrate differences and recognize that each person brings with them unique talents and perspectives. We provide our people the support and flexibility to manage their work-life
balance. At Equifax we genuinely care about our people and our ability to come together as #OneEquifax.


The perks of being an Equifax employee within the Data & Analytics team?


There are lots of perks of being an Equifax employee – we offer additional leave days as we recognize the importance of taking time out, whether that’s to catch up on some rest, celebrate a birthday, or give
back to our community by volunteering. We are committed to the wellbeing of our people and provide them with discounted health cover through BUPA, access to comprehensive hearing services and discounts, and offer 24/7 support through our employee assistance program. Our leadership team
fosters a culture of ownership, they will lead, coach, mentor and listen. We support one another to feel confident to speak up and hold each other accountable to work with integrity.
Our success is our people, for we are truly united by our purpose and are encouraged and challenged every day to bring new ideas to help our customers make more informed decisions. Our outcomes focused culture encourages thought leadership and innovation to ensure our ongoing success.
We are supportive and revel in working together on exciting projects. We see ourselves making an impact by utilizing cutting edge/statistical modelling tools across hundreds of rich data assets and collaborating with some of the best data minds in Australia. Working within our diverse D&A team will provide you opportunities to gain exposure across all phases of the D&A lifecycle and work with some of our largest blue-chip customers.


What you’ll do:


As a Credit Ratings Analyst, you will be required to research, perform credit risk analysis, provide detailed commentary, share insights and draw conclusions in the form of a detailed credit report. This will include financial statement/economic/industry analysis, benchmarking and modelling.
The Credit Rating Analyst is also responsible for complying with Divisional policies and procedures and presenting a professional image to clients and the broader business market.


This role is either Sydney or Brisbane based.


What are we looking for?

Tertiary qualifications in Accounting or Commerce
Qualification in CA/CPA/CFA highly regarded
A minimum of 1 year experience in accounting/finance ( local experience is must)
Experienced in communicating with clients directly
Ability to interpret financial statements and identify key risks/drivers of companies & industries
Ability to think beyond the ratios and apply knowledge in a holistic way
Must comply with all applicable policies, principals and organizational requirements


Extra points for any of the following:

Previous experience in accounting firms/global background agencies/Big 4s (Audit)
Capable of working in a fast-paced environment and the ability to be comfortable with change
Strong communication skills with good interpersonal relationship management skills


Success attributes of an Equifax employee; does this describe you?

Accountable
Brave
Curious
Collaborative
Individualist
Trustworthy
Dedicated


At Equifax, there is no such thing as the 'perfect candidate'


Seeing responsibilities and competencies laid out on paper can be confronting. At this stage of the application process, sometimes imposter syndrome can creep in and mess with our confidence. Please know, we list these items to give you an opportunity to show us your potential and how you can grow
and transform with us. Your ability to demonstrate that you possess/have the real potential to develop the required capabilities, knowledge, experience and qualifications to perform in our roles is what we would like to hear from you.
Where possible, you should support your claims with specific examples of what you have done and how you did it.
However, you identify, and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come to work every day!"
35,"You are a passionate data storyteller, eager to bring your analytical mindset to the table to identify key opportunities and provide actionable insights.
We are a values-driven team of analytical techsperts, who believe in the power of proof, supporting growth and getting excited over data storytelling.
Together we can lead the delivery of world-class data, analytics and technology capabilities to help build a brighter future for our customers and communities and really make a difference.
See yourself in our team


Our people are finding the answers to some of Australia’s biggest customer challenges. With rich data at your fingertips, join a team of expert problem solvers who aren’t afraid of the unfamiliar.
The Chief Data & Analytics Office (CDAO) team aspire to be the best analytics team in the world at engaging customers and delivering value for the organisation.
Check out what it like to work in the Data & Analytics team at CommBank.
On a day-to-day basis, you’ll:
Work collaboratively in cross-functional teams to develop direct communication initiatives that meet customer and business objectives
Proactively engage and work collaboratively with stakeholders by supplying customer insights and reports which enables them to determine optimal contact strategies
Assist in the discovery and exploration of new sources of data to improve understanding of product, channel and customer
Use data analysis coupled with your understanding of the customer and business to identify engagement and growth opportunities
Mentor junior team members to develop their analytical skill set and business/commercial acumen
Do work that matters


As a Senior Insights Analyst, you’ll use data insights to help the team drive a personalised and seamless service that delights customers across all channels.
You’ll become part of a customer’s journey by creating unique experiences for every individual interaction. Each communication requires data-driven segmentation, eligibility and contact channel selection to ensure every customer touchpoint is highly relevant and compelling.
We’re committed to your development, career growth and training – ensuring that you’re constantly evolving and being challenged in your career. This includes exclusive training and continuous learning through our Data & Analytics Academy – where you’re able to learn at your own pace all year round!
We’re interested in hearing from people who:
Please note that we’re interested in hearing from people who might not meet all the following criteria. We’re open to working with the right candidate to fill any skill gaps during your journey at CommBank.
Think creatively and problem solve using analytics to drive decision making
Possess excellent stakeholder management and engagement skills, including written & verbal communication
Have experience working in an agile environment.
Can design and develop a contact strategy and have technical delivery experience with the ability to articulate complex topics in common, non-technical terms
If this sounds like you then apply today!
At CommBank, we advocate and facilitate a culture of inclusion and respect, celebrating all cultures, abilities, genders, expressions of gender and sexual orientation Read more about our commitment to inclusion and diversity.
We believe in working for a place that works for you. We have many flexible working options within our team so talk to us about which arrangements would work best for you.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.

We’re committed to being an accessible employer and want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible. If you experience any accessibility issues or if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
If you're already part of the Commonwealth Bank Group (including Bankwest), you'll need to apply through Sidekick to submit a valid application. We’re keen to support you with the next step in your career.
We're aware of some accessibility issues on this site, particularly for screen reader users. We want to make finding your dream job as easy as possible, so if you require additional support please contact HR Direct on 1800 989 696.
Advertising End Date: 31/05/2022"
36,"Overview
The role of Shareholder Analyst assists the wider Orient Capital team with compiling, processing and auditing data to perform a range of analysis tasks. Data will be received from numerous sources and will need to be effectively manipulated to produce the analysis for Client Relationship departments.
Key Accountabilities and Main Responsibilities
Analyse, produce, and deliver comprehensive reports in a timely fashion
Liaise with internal departments and external stakeholders to effectively gather shareholder intelligence to deliver quality services to clients
Deliver assigned tasks within time frame given
Produce documentation as directed by CRMs and BDMs
Quality delivery of assigned reporting
Identify areas of improvement to enhance the efficiency of the analysis team as a whole
Data entry and creation
Point of contact for wider business group in the absence of CRMs
Communicate daily with the team leader, analysis team members and client relations departments
Conduct tasks designed to improve the efficiency of the processes within the organisation
Provide services to clients on a contractual basis
Curtail the cost in the delivery of our services
Distribution of reporting to clients
Quickly and accurately assist external parties with feedback and enquiries
Assist other teams with projects and other ad hoc work
Experience & Personal Attributes
Degree in Finance or related major
Data entry experience within a professional team environment
Intermediate Microsoft Office skills in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Strong attention to detail
Strong time management skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask effectively
An understanding and interest in financial markets
Articulate with strong oral and written skills
Ability to establish relationships at all levels
Self-motivated


Link Group is a leading fund administration and share registry specialist. We are a market leading provider of technology-enabled administration solutions, continually developing our offerings to expand with our clients' needs. Since our inception, Link Group has been entrusted by clients to handle sensitive data in a secure and confidential manner. Our core businesses of fund administration and securities registration are complemented by our expertise in digital solutions and data analytics.


Our Corporate Markets division provides clients with a comprehensive corporate market offering that connects issuers to their stakeholders. Our uniquely integrated range of corporate markets capabilities includes shareholder management and analytics, stakeholder engagement, share and unit registry, and employee share plans. We also offer company secretarial support, as well as various specialist offerings such as insolvency solutions. We operate in twelve countries throughout Australasia, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, United Kingdom and Europe.
Our teams combine a wealth of industry experience with a rigorous focus on client management to deliver a premium service underpinned by market leading digital technology provided by our Technology division .
Link Group is building a dynamic, client focused, caring and inclusive culture that is built on the foundations of an entrepreneurial spirit, effective risk management, empathy and trust, and underpinned by its core values.
We are an inclusive employer whose people work collaboratively. We encourage, support and value the various talents and perspectives of our people and promote a flexible and blended work environment where our people can thrive and their wellbeing is supported. We know that diversity drives better client outcomes, continuous improvement, and growth. Be part of the Link Group journey and together we will achieve our full potential.
We treat all individuals fairly and equitably and do not discriminate on the basis of diverse characteristics including, but not limited to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ethnicity, cultural background, physical abilities/disabilities, religious or political belief, marital or family status or carers responsibilities.
Candidates must have the relevant work rights to be considered for an opportunity at Link Group. Successful applicants will be required to complete background screening prior to commencement of employment."
37,"About Infosys:

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.

Short Description:
Are you looking for a change? Do you want to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry? Are you ready to join a company whose passion is for business transformation and consulting that really make a difference to enterprises, the community and the world? Then you are the one that we are looking for to be part of our growing healthcare Domain Consulting Group.

Role :

As a Domain Consultant, you will be a key player in the consulting team that helps discover and define the problem statement, evaluates the solution options, and makes recommendations. You will create detailed design, architecture and process artifacts and implement the deployment plan. You will also support knowledge transfer with the objective of providing value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Own their respective subject matter tracks
Responsible for Functional Solution design
Ensure participation of third-party SMEs
Works closely with CLIENT Application Leads/Business Owner/ SME.
Analyze system functionality and identify gaps
Provide recommendations to existing systems.
Must have extensive Healthcare domain knowledge including claims domain, experience in
Australia health insurance mandatory
Interface with internal team spread globally to undertake onshore-specific activities of the project and enable offshore with required inputs for delivery
Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment
Ability to create Source to target mapping documents.
Ability to create reporting dashboard, define the KPIs, data profiling, data analyzing
Ability to create wireframes, prototypes, and conduct screen demos.
Analyzes the business needs, defines detailed requirements, and provides potential solutions/approaches with the business stakeholders
Strong experience and understanding of Agile Methodologies
Strong analytical, planning, organizational, time management and facilitation Skills
Strong understanding and experience of SDLC and documentation skills
Ensure timely responses to queries, data templates and questionnaire requests.
Clarify Scope & Objectives and translate conceptual user requirements into business
Requirements in a clear manner that is comprehensible to developer’s/project team

Essential:

Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Number of years of experience may vary based on bachelor’s or Master’s Degree. Any additional education will be added advantage.
Overall, 12 + years of IT experience needed
At least 3 years of experience in capturing requirements related to internal/external consulting, documenting, and mapping current business process
At least 3 years of experience in creating requirement specifications based on Architecture/Design /Detailing of Processes
At least 3 years of experience as Data analyst, should have done data mapping and data profiling
At least 3 years of experience in Development/ Configuration/solutions evaluation/ Validation and deployment preferred
Good knowledge of PL/SQL, SQL or Relational databases
Experience and desire to work in a management consulting environment that requires regular travel
Proficiency in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, Outlook), Microsoft SQL Studio, JIRA

Additional Skills:

Excellent customer interfacing skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong attention to detail and outstanding analytical and Problem-solving skills.
Planning and Co-ordination skills
Experience with project management

All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
At Infosys, we recognize that everyone has individual requirements. If you are a person with disability, illness or injury and require adjustments to the recruitment and selection process, please contact our Recruitment team for adjustment only on Infosys_ta@infosys.com or include your preferred method of communication in email and someone will be in touch.
Please note in order to protect the interest of all parties involved in the recruitment process, Infosys does not accept any unsolicited resumes from third party vendors. In the absence of a signed agreement any submission will be deemed as non-binding and Infosys explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire the submitted profile. All recruitment activity must be coordinated through the Talent Acquisition department."
38,"Cyient is a global engineering and technology solutions company. As a Design, Build, and Maintain partner for leading organizations worldwide, we take solution ownership across the value chain to help clients focus on their core, innovate, and stay ahead of the curve. We leverage digital technologies, advanced analytics capabilities, and our domain knowledge and technical expertise, to solve complex business problems.
With over 15,000 employees globally, we partner with clients to operate as part of their extended team in ways that best suit their organization’s culture and requirements. Our industry focus includes aerospace and defence, healthcare, telecommunications, rail transportation, semiconductor, geospatial, industrial, and energy.
Job Description
Knowledge of the Electrical domain. Experience in working with Smallworld technology, and should possess good GIS data analysis skills.

Skills & Experience
AM/FM ELECTRICAL, Data Maintenance, GE Smallworld GIS
Cyient is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Cyient recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We are proud to be a diverse and inclusive company where our people can focus their whole self on solving problems that matter."
39,"Outstanding culture
Close to Public transport
Alexandria location

At General Pants, we understand that work can be one of the biggest parts of people’s lives and we continue to build a team that has collaboration, transparency and professionalism at the heart of everything we do ensuring General Pants values, social initiatives and culture resonate with our evolution and constant growth.
We are building on our existing solid IT department, and we have an exciting opportunity for a solution focused and outside the square thinker to join the team as our new Reporting Analyst.
As the Reporting Analyst you will be responsible for the design, development, testing, optimisation and support of business intelligence, analysis and reporting solutions for the group, adhering to standardised reporting procedures and techniques
As our new Reporting Analyst, you will be responsible for:
Maintain, improve, and troubleshoot the existing business reports to ensure their accuracy and suitability for the business
Create and deliver new reports and dashboards as required by the business users or other team members
Ensure that the look and feel and labelling of data on all reporting within the business is consistent
Actively look for ways to meet development timelines while maximising business benefits, including but not limited to the use of phasing, temporary hardcoding, or manual processes
Collaborate with other team members and third parties to address any required change, or integrity issue in the internal or third-party data sources
Regularly meet with business users and management to discuss current and future reporting requirements
Actively look for ways to improve reporting and dashboards within the business, including but not limited to automation of manual reporting tasks currently being performed by business users
Here’s our technical wish list:
Strong skills in MS Excel - Data manipulation, analysis, and visualization
Experience building reports using Excel Power Pivot
Experience building and maintaining SSRS and SSAS reports
Advanced skills in querying SQL databases
Experience with source code management tools – TFS, GIT
Knowledge of Agile/SCRUM methodologies, and experience with Jira and Confluence
Knowledge of cubing engines – SSAS, TM1
Strong Analytical and problem-solving skills
The perks you ask?
A competitive salary – of course!
Staff discount - a generous staff discount applies to all products in store.
Parties and events – lots of fun throughout the year.
Development - we want you to get the most out of your role.
All applications are to be submitted online and should include your current resume outlining your passion for this position.
For a confidential conversation, please contact Art Perry-Meijer on art.perrymeijer@generalpantsgroup.com for further information.
Welcome to a world with no boundaries, where you can explore your style and what you’re capable of. At General Pants Co, we exist for that very reason. Engrained in youth culture and immersed in the community, for over 40 years General Pants Co. has cultivated and curated fashion and lifestyle culture within Australia by consistently challenging the norm.
Now with over 60+ stores around Australia and New Zealand and an online store that ships globally, we are a consistently evolving business, as dynamic as the world around us. Our story is ever evolving.
We believe in our teams and the part they play in defining our brand, that’s why our team members are rewarded right from the beginning with team member incentives, brand discounts and ongoing career development and advancement along the way.

Video"
40,"Company Description

With an unrivalled and expansive network, Global Express builds unique, innovative, and tailored transport and logistics solutions.

From a shipload of containers full of fresh produce, urgent medical deliveries on the next available flight, end-to-end retail to every corner, or simply delivering gifts to friends and family you dearly miss by road or rail, we connect people, communities, and businesses across Australia and New Zealand.

Backed by Allegro Funds, Australia’s most awarded and largest transformation and turnaround private equity firm, we’re looking to the future and working towards new and exciting ways to put our customers’ businesses at the heart of ours.

Job Description

This commercial and analytical role within Finance reports directly to the Lead Finance Business Partner and will play an integral role in supporting business partnering and strategic decision support with Senior Executives across the Technology, Product and other functional business units through the delivery of strategic insights, business performance analysis, data and reporting.

Specifically, your responsibilities will include:
Delivering timely and strategic financial insight to Operational Management and their leadership teams via development and management of an evolving suite of financial and operational key performance indicators;

Month end reporting, annual and long term planning, forecasting and expense management, delivering key insights to lead and influence decision making;

Develop reporting to increase automation and provide greater insight to business performance, resource allocation and profit opportunities.

Deliver adhoc projects to assist decision making including business case development, project and/or cost analysis, process improvement and provision of commercial decision support;

Key to your success will be your ability to think both strategically and commercially to understand the business and its key drivers, and to challenge thinking and existing practices to help deliver process improvement and increased efficiencies/automation.

Qualifications

CA/CPA qualified you will possess strong financial modelling and data/analytics experience, either gained in a Big 4 Transaction Services environment or in a similar commercial FP&A role supporting business planning, performance management and decision making.

Additional Information

We believe nurturing a diverse and inclusive workplace, which celebrates different points of view and gives everyone the chance to contribute, as we build to a bigger and brighter future.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital or disability status.

It’s never been a more exciting time to join our team as we take the next step in our journey.

To find out more about us, visit https://www.tgexpress.com.au/careers

To be considered, you must be entitled to work in the specified country and be prepared to undertake pre-employment checks including a criminal history check and medical assessment."
41,"At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.

The opportunity

Successful organisations depend on their reputation for keeping promises, respecting laws and behaving ethically to maintain stakeholder trust. EY Forensic & Integrity Services professionals help organisations protect and restore enterprise and financial reputation. We assist organisations to investigate facts, resolve disputes and manage regulatory challenges. We put integrity at the heart of compliance programs to help better manage ethical and reputational risks.

We understand how organisations navigate complex environments; how pressures, attitudes and culture influence employee actions. We are committed to making integrity the cornerstone of a better working world.

We are looking for a Consultant/ Senior Consultant, Forensic Data Analytics within the Forensic & Integrity Services team in our Brisbane office.

This is an excellent career opportunity for the right candidate seeking to pursue a career in Forensic Data Analytics. The Forensic Data Analytics team is a group of technical specialists that practice the full life cycle of data management from the early stages of data scoping and capture, to its management, analysis and reporting. Data Analytics are central to EY’s mission of building a better working world by asking better questions.

FDA team members typically apply their specialist skills to large or complex datasets coming from disparate data sources. Using market leading advanced data analytic tools, we look beyond the obvious to dig deeper into underlying patterns and trends.
Our team generates insights to support fraud investigations, disputes, and regulatory compliance challenges for our clients, across a range of industries.

Your key responsibilities

Senior Consultants in our Forensics team will:

Be passionate about data analytics and the opportunities it provides to organisations
Work with broader Forensics team (including forensic accountants and incident response professionals) to assist Australian and global companies in addressing their fraud and compliance challenges
Consult with stakeholders; develop forensic procedures and define measurable data metrics, and design investigative analysis
Extract, validate, transform and load data from multiple data sources for deeper analysis
Undertake extensive analytical reviews of client data to produce insights that will assist our clients with:
detection of irregular financial transactions
identification of anomalous employee behaviour
targeting of error and waste in their operations
Support senior team members in the preparation and presentation of client deliverables in a clear, structured manner
Produce dashboards and other visualisations to support the analysis undertaken
Provide innovative thinking for strategic initiatives, new offerings and programs
Work in multi-disciplinary teams across a range of industries helping our clients, using our analytics to transform and improve their business

Skills and attributes for success

To qualify for the role you must have

Tertiary qualification in a relevant technical field (Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Statistics, Economics, Commerce, Mathematics, Linguistics)
Experience with statistical analysis and modelling tools such as SAS, Alteryx, SPSS, Python, R or similar packages, and data manipulation languages such as SQL
Familiarity with data visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview or Spotfire
A demonstrated understanding of commercial relational database systems and enterprise software solutions (Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, Chris21, etc)
A working knowledge of financial processes other business processes (e.g., regulatory reporting)
Ablility to hypothesise, analyse and draw conclusions from data
A demonstrated ability to clearly and concisely present data, conclusions, and recommendations
Highly professional with ability to work in challenging, diverse and evolving client environments

Ideally, you’ll also have

Strong stakeholder management and project delivery disciplines
Effective written and verbal communication skills
A team player with strong time and project management skills

Responsibilities, Qualifications, Certifications

What we offer

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Continuous learning: personalised career development including coaching, experiences and formal learning so you’ll develop the mindset and skills you’ll need to thrive in the future.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.

At EY, you’ll be rewarded and recognised based on your performance and our comprehensive benefits package can be tailored to your individual needs.

We hold a collective commitment to foster an environment where all differences are valued and respected, practices are equitable and everyone experiences a sense of belonging. If you require any adjustments to the recruitment process in order to equitably participate, we encourage you to advise us at the time of application via contactrecruitment@au.ey.com or phone +61 3 8650 7788 (option 4).

We understand the importance of social distancing at this time so our recruitment and onboarding process may be managed virtually so we can continue to prioritise the safety and wellbeing of EY people, clients, guests and the broader public.

The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $78,000 including 10% superannuation

EY | Building a better working world

EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.

Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.

Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.

The preferred applicant will be subject to employment screening by EY or by their external third party provider. Regarding this role, the minimum salary is $67,000 including 9.5% superannuation.

#LI-EYAustralia"
42,"Senior Business Analyst


This is an exciting opportunity or an experienced business analyst to join Transgrid.


Work as part of a high performing, diverse, inclusive and supportive team
Competitive salary and great suite of benefits
Based in Sydney – Ultimo (WFH)


The Opportunity


We are currently seeking to appoint a Senior Business Analyst to provide specialist IT advice and support to the Business Stakeholders to specify requirements and deliver the outcomes defined in the Business Plans and the ICT Strategic Plan. As the Senior Business Analyst you will be required to manage the creation, review and analysis of Transgrid’s business requirements, services, processes and information needs to identify changes that lead to business improvements


What we need from you


As the senior Business analyst you will:


Provide IT specialist advice and support to business units in the following activities:
Effectively consult with Business Owners (General/Senior Leadership Team) and other stakeholders to drive input to projects which support business objectives and the achievement of the IT Strategy
Produce comprehensive support for cases such as, EPICs, user stories/requirements and user case scenarios, business and functional requirements, technical/interface designs, business process models, to industry standards as appropriate for the business need.
Work closely with Business Units to understand business processes and the value proposition of current corporate applications
Analyse business processes and IT systems and identify areas for improvement
Analyse requirements for migrating existing data to new systems (where required)
Produce clear, detailed project briefs and business requirements documents using established techniques (e.g. user cases)
Produce business cases which contain a comprehensive analysis of alternative solutions and associated costs and benefits


Transgrid’s IT Management Framework


Ensure business requirements drive the ICT Strategic Planning process
Use specialist knowledge to translate business requirements into ICT requirements
Work closely with Business units to scope projects for inclusion in the IT Plan. Developed Project Briefs should clearly define and address the business need
Enforce compliance to TransGrid’s IT Management Framework i.e. Role of the Business unit IT Working Groups and Vendor/Business Owner forums.
Provide business direction to the ICT Planning & Architecture team to influence the development of standards
Provide customer feedback to the ICT Service Management team on the effectiveness of service levels
Provide customer feedback to the Projects team on specific project delivery


What you will bring to Transgrid


To be successful in this role you will demonstrate the following:


Qualifications and Accreditations


Possession of relevant qualifications at degree level or equivalent experience to perform the duties of the position
BABOK accreditation highly desired
Knowledge of emerging technology trends and IT functions
An understanding of business and industry direction


Experience and Knowledge


Extensive experience in Agile projects including defining EPICs/ project scope, business case development, User Stories and cost benefit analysis
Extensive experience in developing business and functional user stories/ requirements and technical specifications
Relevant experience and proven capacity to understand business processes and translate into technological requirements
High level, previous experience in writing IT solution business cases for submission to Governance groups
Experience with and knowledge of IT project management methodology
Knowledge of strategic planning principles
Excellent interpersonal skills to communicate effectively with management and IT users
Strong analytical skills and proven problem solving skills
Sound written and verbal communication skills. Ability to plan and deliver communications that are impactful and persuasive to the intended audience


Recognition & Reward


In return for your hard work, we have numerous other benefits and initiatives to support you personally and professionally including but not limited to private health insurance discount, motor vehicle lease plan, career development support, study assistance program and workplace flexibility.


Applications close Wednesday, 25 May 2022


Our vacancy close dates may be subject to change, we will assess applications as they are received and interviewing may commence earlier than closing date.
We do not accept agency introductions as Transgrid operates a direct sourcing model.


Transgrid is committed to Health and Safety, the Environment, Equal Employment Opportunity, Diversity and Ethical Practices. All applicants are expected to demonstrate an understanding of and commitment to these areas."
43,"ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA locations available
$110 - $140 per hour (inc super)
12 + 12 + 12-month contract (ability to obtain baseline clearance required)

Data Analyst (multiple)


ACT, NSW, NT, QLD, SA, TAS, VIC, WA
$110 - $140 per hour (inc super)
12 + 12 + 12-month contract (ability to obtain baseline clearance required)
Define data solutions using Azure Synapse, Azure Managed Instance and work with the data platform team to deliver these solutions
Our client, a large Federal Government entity focused on industry is seeking multiple Data Engineers.
About the client
Our client strives to encourage the sustainable growth of Australian industries including the delivery of a national innovation system to drive knowledge creation, international competitiveness and greater productivity. Their staff are committed to developing policies and delivering programs, in partnership with stakeholders, to provide lasting economic benefits based on principles of social justice and equity for all Australians.
About the role
Projects will comprise of implementing an enhanced data management and analytics platform to facilitate data warehousing capabilities, reporting, data analysis, storing transactional data and archiving of required data.
Duties

work closely with various stakeholders, business subject matter experts, technical architects, cloud engineers and developers as part of the project, to deliver the agreed project outcomes
assist in the migration of existing data processes (Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services) to the new data platform (Azure Synapse)
have the ability to understand DevOps process and can use DevOps tools in accordance with the agreed processes
develop and maintain relevant project and design documentation such as detailed designs, technical configuration documents and build guides
work with the data platform team to consume and implement recommended practices to ensure compliance of data and information management standards
be able to apply judgement and critical thinking skills to problem solve
have demonstrated government sector experience, including working in small project teams
previous experience with Microsoft technologies, specifically Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, Azure SQL Managed Instance and Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is required
experience in working within an Agile team is highly desirable, and experience working in an enterprise data warehouse is desirable
relevant qualifications and demonstrated experience in information technology, data management, or related fields would be highly regarded, including the ability to communicate data concepts to generalist audiences
Skills / Experience

proven experience with Microsoft stack technologies, specifically SQL Managed Instance, Azure Synapse, Azure Data Factory, Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services
high level of competency with SQL programming
proven ability to engage and work with a diverse range of stakeholders including working collaboratively as part of an agile, multidisciplinary team
strong written and verbal communication skills
experience in developing and maintaining relevant documentation such as detailed designs, technical configuration documents and build guides
experience with Agile methodologies
experience with Microsoft Power BI
experience with delivering solutions using a data warehouse platform and processes
How to apply
To be considered for this role (JOB ID: 3476), please forward your resume to Anuj by clicking the Apply for this Job button. Please note that this role closes on the 13th of May."
44,"Posted
05-May-2022
Service line
Advisory Segment
Role type
Full-time
Areas of Interest
Digital & Technology/Information Technology
Location(s)
Brisbane - Queensland - Australia, Melbourne - Victoria - Australia, Sydney - New South Wales - Australia
Full time permanent role in a hybrid work environment
Work for a global product with an exciting range of projects to work on
Access to professional development tools and individual training each year
Brisbane | Land of the Turrbal people

CBRE Group, Inc. Is the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm. We owns and develops a suite of digital products to support its lines of business and its clients. Among them, CBRE Host Building is a digital tenant experience platform that connects tenants to the environments, amenities and communities that matter the most.

Host offers our clients an unparalleled workplace experience. With hospitality-driven services that focus on increased productivity and employee wellbeing, we help ensure that people have everything they need to be at their best and do great work each day.

We’re looking for a talented Data Analyst with experience in mobile app environment, to work with the product and business teams. You will play a key role in designing, planning and managing databases, including security, access and documentation and participate in the design, maintenance and enhancement of relational databases. You will work with our existing Tableau and Firebase data sets to produce dashboards that meet internal and client requirements to help them visualise data.

Here’s what you’ll focus on:
Developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other BI solutions.
Performing and documenting data analysis, data validation, and data mapping/design.
Reviewing and improving existing systems and collaborating with teams to integrate new systems.
Developing queries to analyse the effect of changes to the Host platform and trends over time
Creating tools to analyse data within the organization.

Our ideal person:
Degree in mathematics, computer science, information systems, or related field.
Relevant 2-3 years’ work experience.
A solid understanding of SQL, rational databases, and normalization.
Proficiency in use of query and reporting analysis tools.
Competency in Excel (macros, pivot tables, etc.)
Extensive experience in developing on and managing modern BI environments (Tableau, Microsoft Power BI).
Experience with working with Firebase datasets.
Experience with Python and Azure Databricks is desirable.

If working with the best in an exciting and rewarding team environment appeals to you then we want to hear from you. Please attach your CV to your application."
45,"Company Description

Introducing Atomic 212°
Atomic 212° is Australia’s largest independent media agency, with a mission to make marketing Smarter, Faster and Accountable (SFA). Born as a specialist performance media agency and now servicing a full range of integrated marketing solutions, from media to creative, data and technology. Atomic 212° is unique in its performance DNA. We apply this same mindset to every channel to deliver measurable business results.
Join the Atomic 212° Team
Atomic 212° is a place to grow and progress. We seek motivators, leaders and collaborators. We are focused on attracting and retaining those who best encapsulate and align with our unique proposition - Smarter, Faster and Accountable.
We invest in training, technology and innovation in the face of the evolving media landscape. Our teams are integrated and made up of multidisciplinary skill sets. We provide the support to evolve into new territories.
People
We seek those who are passionate, humble and dynamic. People who thrive on big dreams and imagination. Our culture is diverse and fun, underpinned by a world-class team. We embrace values characterised by integrity.
Development
Our personal development program aligns goals to smarter, faster, accountable principles. We invest heavily in learning, career progression and mentorship. We are focused on attracting and retaining the very best. Above all else, we want to ensure you are supported, challenged and happy.
Growth
We have built incredible momentum with over 120 team members nationally and locations across Sydney, Melbourne, Darwin and Brisbane. We are always growing and have a strong client base across tourism, automotive, energy, insurance, retail and more.
Who will you work with?
You will join an agency that values a point of view. Day to day, you will work with all relevant media stakeholders to deliver exceptional campaign planning and results. This role also closely collaborates with specialist media, technology and digital partners.
Our team is all about results and accountability. With industry-leading capabilities across paid search, social and display the team is focused on boosting the performance of client content and amplifying campaigns to maximise business results.


Job Description

Who are we looking for?
An aspiring Data & Analytics graduate who is seeking a dynamic role within an analytical and technical team in a performance agency environment. You will need to have an understanding of internet technology & trends; be able to perform data analysis on web marketing data sets and have an eagerness & aptitude towards technical solutions.
Training will be provided based on knowledge gaps and your existing skill set.

What will your day look like?

Create dashboards, reports and automated reports using Google Sheets and Data Studio and similar tools
Provide actionable Insights & Analysis from generated reports
Assist the Data and Analytics Manager/Director in the preparation of client proposals and delivery of consulting services to meet and surpass client requirements.
Take pride in all work delivered and ensure the presentation and design is impeccable and consistent with Atomic 212° brand guidelines.
Complete Google Analytics Individual Qualification in the first month.
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Able to troubleshoot Google Sheets formulas
Hands on experience with Tableau/Data Studio or other visualisation tools (is desirable)
Aptitude to learn coding languages Javascript, Big Query/SQL and Python.


Additional Information

For more information visit Atomic 212°
Please apply with a cover letter and CV to Valeriya Kamenetskaya, People and Culture Manager, outlining why you would like to work with Atomic 212° and what skills you can bring to the agency and this role.
Salary for this position is $47.5K inclusive of super which increases to $50K inclusive of super on completion of probation (3 months)."
46,"Overview:
Essense Designs is an international bridal wholesaler with key offices in Perth, Australia and Lenexa, Kansas. Our growing organisation has additional locations in the United Kingdom, Europe, Canada, and New Zealand. We have been a global leader in bridal fashion for over 20 years and our designs are currently sold in over 1,500 stores worldwide. With innovative designs and a strong customer service approach, Essense Designs is a dynamic and rapidly-expanding company that rewards excellence, drive and collaboration.


The Role
We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst with excellent analytical and problem-solving capabilities to join our rapidly growing business. The ideal candidate will enjoy the challenge of analysing our vast multi-source data to produce meaningful and insightful supply chain dashboards. In this role you will deep dive into our data and processes to identify opportunities to reduce costs, support senior management in decision making and provide insights for improvements.
Responsibilities:
What We Expect:
The successful candidate will be an enthusiastic and proactive individual with great analytical skills, that thrives in a fast-paced, agile environment and always strives for excellence.


Support the daily, and long-term strategic needs of our supply chain team by providing timely reporting and data support
Work closely with the supply chain team and the wider business developing reports that will require data extraction, normalisation, and conversion into meaningful graphs and KPIs
Analyse and monitor all KPI reporting
Provide actionable insights through analytics
Pivot between different initiatives quickly to support projects as needed while being able to work at a micro and macro level.
Continuous focus on improving relevant operational performance and productivity


Qualifications:
Who We Are Looking For:
We are seeking a data analyst with an eye for detail and ability to quickly grasp new concepts, identify operational anomalies and communicate trends. If you are an intellectually curious analyst, a team player, accountable communicator, and a strategic thinker with a proven ability to navigate complex supply chain problems, we look forward to exploring what you have to offer:

1+ years’ experience as an Analyst or similar analytical role.
Bachelor’s degree in data science, business, supply chain, management information systems or equivalent.
Experience with market leading BI tools (Qlik, PowerBI, Domo, Tableau) will be highly regarded
Advanced Excel skills (Power Query, Power Pivot)
Strong interpersonal and stakeholder management skills
Comfortable working with large sets of data, both qualitative and quantitative, from varied sources to drive efficiency through data
Experience creating reports/graphs (visual representations)
Ability to interpret data, make observations & recommendations
Effective problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
What We Offer:

We look forward to welcoming the successful candidate to our fast-growing global team! In return for your skills, we offer you the opportunity to join an international industry leader and be part of a creative and collaborative culture that empowers its people, promotes teamwork and embraces sustainability. We recognise and reward excellence, innovation, and loyalty. Our goal is to offer an inspirational and modern workplace that allows for talent individuals to thrive."
47,"For all the CDE being onboarded by DMCC to be uploaded into Alex:
Validate Business Data flow data submissions for DMCC BDFs
Identify data errors with Business Data flow data submissions
Consult with requestor from DMCC team to fix data errors
Load validated BDF data into Alex.
Key call outs:
BDF loading into Alex a key step for completion of CDE onboarding process
Once are BDF are loaded into Alex, there are handover to business for ongoing maintenance and updates
BDF loaded into Alex can be leveraged by other business and SMEs across the enterprise
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Ability to commute/relocate:
Sydney, NSW: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)
Work Authorisation:
Australia (Preferred)"
48,"Cutting - edge, market leading product
Permanent opportunity with market competitive salary
South Wharf modern office location with a subsidised onsite GYM
Do you have passion for technology and delivering solutions to end users?
DCA is offering a rewarding career opportunity for an enthusiastic professional to join our Support Services team as Application Support Analyst. Based in our South Wharf office, this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers. Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience.
Recent graduates with some experience within a software support environment supplying end-user software products to the Australian market are encouraged to apply.
The Role
This role provides an excellent opportunity for the successful applicant to join a team of technology experts in a growing organisation.
Applicants must be an Australian Citizen, Permanent Resident or hold a valid work permit or visa. Work eligibility will be checked as part of the recruitment process.

If you are successful in this role, you will enjoy:

A supportive and friendly team environment;
Stability to develop a your career in a growth focused company; and
A range of benefits as part of our Employee Benefit Program.
A competitive remuneration package is on offer and will be based on the successful candidate's experience, skills and knowledge.

Key responsibilities include:

Provide telephone and email-based technical support (Level 1 and 2) for software and hardware products (mobile bluetooth printers) and engaging assistance from 3rd parties where required.
Action responses and rectification of support incidents within agreed SLAs ensuring customer requests are appropriately prioritised.
Logging all support requests, calls and emails accurately in the designated service desk system (Salesforce) and ensuring cases are updated accurately and promptly to reflect current status.
Escalating cases to the Development team for technically complex cases or requests, whilst maintaining communication with the customer as to the status.
Ensuring maximum availability of production applications by conducting system health checks, providing timely and effective support and necessary remedial action.
The Company
Database Consultants Australia or DCA is an innovative technology provider with a specialist focus on, on-street parking management and infringement processing solutions incorporating:


Infringement issuing technologies, management and processing
Smart mobility sensor technology
Mobile way finding and payment applications
Digital permit technology
Specialist parking officers and intelligent patrol planning methodology
Smart mobility data analytics
What's Next?
To apply, please submit a cover letter and an up-to-date version of your resume to our quoting reference number DCA/1606181DEF by the closing date 1 June 2022.
DCA is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer committed to supporting a working environment of mutual respect, teamwork and trust and a workplace that attracts, develops and retains highly skilled people.
The purpose of this role is to act as the first point of contact for all application support needs, incidents and requests and provide excellent customer service to all DCA Cities customers.
Critical to the success of this role is a demonstrated consultative, customer-centric approach, a clear ability to build strong relationships with DCA Clients and business stakeholders at all levels and explain complex technology terms in a way which suits the intended audience."
49,"Date: 16-May-2022

Location:
Adelaide - Waymouth, SA, AU

Department: In-Demand Skills

Description:

Work on enriching client assignments with diverse teams
Flexible work arrangements - work in a way that suits you best
Mentoring programs - receive support and coaching to progress your career
With the ever-increasing complexity and volume of data, organisations are faced with increasing number of choices to ensure they are able to exploit their data assets for maximum advantage. Deloitte is able to draw from its vast global experience delivering advanced analytics solutions for our clients across the full spectrum of technology and business domains to provide the right strategic advice to help an organisation respond effectively to these changes – as well as partner with our clients to execute on our recommendations.

What will your typical day look like?
As a team member in our business, you will be part of our growing specialist data and analytics team.

This role will have an emphasis on cloud based data engineering and management.

Focussed in the Adelaide market and working with leaders from across the Deloitte network, you will be responsible for bringing the best of the global and national capability, to deliver the best solutions to our clients and opportunities to our people. Your passion for developing meaningful relationships with our network of talented specialists and a broad ranging client base, will be core to the success of any individual in this role.

In addition, you will be responsible for:

Design and development of data and analytics solutions
Identify organisational insights, risk and opportunities for process and system changes to better manage future business performance and reduce risk
Interact cohesively with other members of the Data and Analytics team, including being a buddy to new members of the team
Contribute to the analysis and interpretation of data towards relevant communications to explain the value of the work completed
Assist in identifying and collecting data from business and operational and other data sources
Assist in assessing and determining the techniques and tools to be used in collection, analysis and communication for a project
Apply analytics methods, techniques and tools to achieve project outcomes
Evaluate and describe the reliability and utility of source information
About the team
Working across a wide range of industries and the public sector, our Data Advisory team advise, implement and deliver Analytics strategies and deliver capabilities to support enterprise-wide decision-making.

Our team is an inclusive, dynamic and growing team committed to driving innovation, delivering client outcomes and making an impact that matters. The strength of our team lies in the diversity of the background and skillset of each member, fostered in a collaborative environment.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you.
At Deloitte, diversity in our teams make us unique and supports our aspiration of making an impact that matters to our clients and teams. You will have deep knowledge of two of the following areas, with exposure to others:


Data solutions and platform, modernisation and engineering
Enterprise Data Warehouse Design and Implementation
Data Analysis and Insights
Data quality and integration
Data management and governance
Complex / Large-scale data programs
Big Data / Artificial Intelligence / Machine learning
Prerequisites:

Bachelor degree or higher qualification in IT, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Commerce or equivalent field(s)
Experience with Data Warehouse Development, Business Intelligence, Visualisation and Analytics
A solid technical grounding in SQL, SAS, Python or other programming languages
Experience in transforming and wrangling data for analytics purposes
Strong attention to detail and thoroughness in following systems and procedures
Ideally, experience in visual communication of analysis and data visualization
Ideally, an understanding of the appropriateness of applying different data-driven analytics methods
Ideally, exposure to project management principles
Why Deloitte?
At Deloitte, we create positively differentiated work experiences that enable our people to feel valued and achieve their full potential. Deloitte Australia opens the door to a career that can cross borders virtually and physically across Asia Pacific to gain experience and access projects beyond Australia’s borders. We value difference, and embrace people with diverse backgrounds, experiences, gender identities, abilities and thinking styles. Knowing that people work best in a variety of ways, we are happy to discuss alternative arrangements if the working pattern you are looking for is not specifically indicated.

We’re committed to continually building a safe and respectful workplace, where all our people feel appreciated and accepted. Through the creation of endorsed employee-led diversity networks which promote cultural, disability, LGBTI+, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and gender equality, we’re leading the way to shape an environment where everybody can thrive.

We are proud to have been recognised for our efforts in inspiring change and accelerating progress – check out our careers site for recent recognition in this space."
